   "AFPO"
    By RIPPER (UID# 25)
   

I changed my mind, I'll post how to
make AFPO first. AFPO is the most
commonly manufactured blasting agent
in the world today, it far surpasses
dynamite. HERES HOW TO MAKE IT;

NEEDED;

Amononium Hydroxide (again)

Fuel Oil(s)(white gasoline works)

Gelitin(no, NOT FLAVORED!)

Mix the AH with the FUEL OIL, until
very thoughly mixed in to a thin
liquid, then add the GELITIN, yes,
this is a gel explosive, until you
feel it's the right thickness for
your work, you can get it thick
enough to be solid, use waterproof
fuses, with a little NI3 at the end
to make sure the stuff goes off with
a good boom, THIS IS A VERY STABLE
EXPLOSIVE, IT IS ALSO 3 TIMES MORE
POWERFUL THAN DYNAMITE.  A thin wire
with high voltage running through it
in the gel makes a good detonater too.


   Have you ever heard of the 
millitary high power explosive, NI3?
It's 4 to 6 time MORE POWERFUL than 
dynamite, and, HERE'S HOW TO MAKE IT!

needed:

 IODINE CRYSTALS

AMMONIUM HYDROXIDE

Put the AH in a GLASS bowl, and 
disolve the Iodine in it, in a couple 
of minutes, new crystals will form, 
They are highly volitile, and illeagal
to have,For what ever it's worth.

Do not DROP, CRUSH, HEAT, or FUCK 
with them, take very extream 
percausions with them, pad them in an
air tight bottle.

ONE TEASPOON HAS THE IMPACT POWER OF
ONE M-100 FIRECRACKER.

Use them at your own risk!

                  >>>>RIPPER<<<<


