
(>View: SCHOOL FUN ///
                     =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                     [> School Fun Part /// <]
                     =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                     [> By: Walkon  ------- <]
                     [>   201 - 575 - 4010  <]
                     =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

  I can safely presume that most of you have seen at least one of my files, so
you know what you are getting in this file...  I have thought this file out
fairly hard so it should be of semi-decent quality...

  Have you ever noticed that the water fountains in schools have two holes in
them (for the water to come out of)... I have no idea why they are there...
(maybe some one put them there for us to put to some GOOD use), take some
chewing gum and plug up the bottom hole, this is great because that forces the
water out of the top hole at HIGH PRESSURE thus getting alot of people wet
(espoecially the person getting the drink)... to give you an estimat of how
much power there is, in our school, the auto shop ceiling is about 20 ft up,
and when the gum is in place the water hits the ceiling (if it wasnt there it
continue another 5 to 10 feet...)

  You people have all seen those little (dont get me wrong, I dont play with
these things (too much)) toy pellet guns that shoot the little yellow plastic
BB's... well, these are good in the hallways between classes (or out the
windows at the people that are cutting classes) just be carefull not to hit
people in the eyes... (un-less it is intentional)

  I dont know if this is standard in all schools (I suppose this will pertain
to some of you), you may have these long 'Airconditioner/Heaters' (they never
work) BUT... in our school these heaps of junk have a small opening for a
5/32 Allen key, these are usefull for turning off the cold air in the winter
and turning it on in the warmer months...)

  Hey, you all go into food stores or hardware stores at one time or another,
you know the vending machines (that dispense gum or other junk), well, where
I work, they have just installed one filled with little containers of 'SLIME'
so? What does this have to do with school? Well, this stuff is FUN in the
halls
and the cafeteria... This stuff is very annoying when you get it down your
back... And speaking of backs...

  Itching powder is fun... (especialy if theres someone in front of you in a
class or two that you dont like..) just dump a little of this down there back.
WHAT? You dont have any... well, as I said before, I work in a hardware store
and I can tell you for a FACT that the fiberglass in isulation itches ALL DAY!
all you have to do is get some insulation and shake it out onto a peice of
newspaper (tear it up a little if you have to) and soon you will have a small
pile of shards of fiberglass.. put it into a small baggie or film container,
and keep it in class with you... NOTE: Use gloves when you do this... this
WILL
drive you insane by the end of the day if you get any into your hands...

  Do you have any dead animals laying around? A dead rat or some animal you
have scraped up off the road? If not you should have one... you take them into
the bathrooms at school and lift off the top (exposing the flush mechanism)
and
you insert the animal into there... if it's warm, and moist then this animal
will start to rot, and smell extreamly bad... you may get lucky (if they cant
find it) you MAY even get a day off from school while they look for it...

  Hey, if your school has a computer classroom that has a small multi-plexer
(so the teacher can see what you are doing)... well.. have some fun.. change
the cabels around so the teacher does not know who she is looking at (or you
can make your terminal the master terminal (hahah))


  Ok people, I have again pointed out some more of the more interesting
aspects
of school life... and I may possibly come out with a School Fun IV ( I have a
LOT of ideas... but I want to get the good ones out first... ) Oh, By the way
I am planning to come out with a 'Guide to Terrorist Activities' and if your a
Fed thats reading this... no I am not crazy, just a good U.S. citizen, and
when
you think about what Quadaffi said (about comeing to fight US, right in OUR
OWN
streets... I feel that we should know a little more about how these people
think, and how to combat them...)

   Ok dudes... look for some more files from me soon... (your best bet is to
call my bbs and see if I have any new ones on my list... (they usualy appear
on my list first... hmmm... I wonder why???))

    \\/\//
     \/\/alkon  - Sysop of: Temple of the Un-Dead
    -----------------------[ 201  -  575  - 4010 ]

