  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _ 
 (_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)
 (_)                                                                        (_)
 (_)  API Presents....                                            /\        (_)
 (_)                                                            _/__\_      (_)
 (_)      /\        .. The Art of Breaking and Entering ..      /    \      (_)
 (_)    _/__\_                                                              (_)
 (_)    /    \                                   .. by Laughing Gas         (_)
 (_) _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _ (_)
 (_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)(_)
 
                      = Thursday, August 10th, 1989 =

 
   Yes, there's an art to it... Breaking and Entering... There's more than just 
smashing a window, reaching inside, unlocking the latch, climbing in, grabbing a 
radio, and a wallet, and climbing out. And there are more reasons for breaking 
and entering than just grabbing a radio and a wallet, although that is one good 
reason... but not necessarily the most fun or the most rewarding. For example.. 
say you found a telco station, and you wanna 'borrow' some things... But wait... 
whats in that large box.... shit, you can't move it, can't open it.. Sheesh.. 
and you really smashed up that door, theres no way you'll be able to come back.. 
Well, thats an opportunity lost.


DDD "Preface".

   That's what this file is for, to teach you how to get into a building, locked 
container, or whatever, with minimul damage, noise, and signs of entry. First 
thing to know. Always wear gloves. I dont care what the situation is, wear 
gloves. Don't were thick winter/ski gloves either, wear, when possible thin 
tight gloves. If you have to take off the gloves to do something, and you're 
breaking into something where this would be nessicary, be careful not to leave 
finger prints.


DDD Preperation.

   If you are breaking some place far from you, you wanna park your car, or 
leave your mode of transportation far enough away from the place that the 
neighbors or anyone passing by wont connect it with whatever you're doing, but 
close enough that you can get to it if you need to.. You also dont want to carry 
alot of stuff with you, travel as light as possible. If you go at night, which 
of course, is preferable, you will need a flashlight of course, preferably a pen 
light since you can hold them many places.. You'll also want to wipe off 
everything you take with you before you go, so if you have to drop it you wont 
have finger prints on it. You'll also need a bag, preferably a sort of 
"compresson" bag, that can be folded up very small, but can open out to be big, 
and can compress anything you put in it.. (for running, its more convenient to 
carry small things..)


DDD Inconspicuity.
 
   You'll also want to look inconspicous.. ie, dont wear a trench coat, dark 
glasses, and dont look around neverously.. If you are going during the day, 
think about the situation, and what would look best.. If you are goin to, for 
instance, break into something in an office building, if you're old enough (see 
Disguises) If not, go in the best looking clothes you can find. If you're going 
at night, wear dark clothes, but not all black, all black gives you an major 
outline, I'd suggest some black, with ark and light shades of gray, try to look 
as normal as possible, while still being hard to spot. It looks better if you 
get caught if you are dressed close to normally, instead of Black, Camo, and 
Kaki. Gray and Black look more 'fashonable' to the pigs then black and camo, or 
camo and kaki, which appear more 'sneaky' and put forth the 'uh-oh, this guy is 
up to no good..' image. It also looks better if you get caught if you dont have 
any weapons on you. (Trust me). You shouldn't really need any.. Unless you're 
breaking into like an Iranian Camp or something.. Next, if the place you are 
breaking into is like in the woods (say a nice country home, during the winter, 
when the owners aren't there.. (hey, great idea LG!)) and there is a road or 
path leading to it.... TAKE THE PATH OR THE ROAD! It's harder to pick out foot 
prints or any kind of evidence on a well traveled path or road then it is to 
find a scrap of clothing torn off and to see a guy running from the scene with 
mud all over him self.. ('Gee officer, I'm just a sloppy eater'). It also makes 
it easier, and faster to get in and out of.


DDD Planning ahead.

   ALWAYS plan ahead if you are actually breaking into a building. Don't wait 
until you are inside to find out that the doors dont have handles on the 
inside.. (are you breaking into the back seat of a police car??) If it is at all 
possible, try to get a tour of the building first, or at least go through the 
inside or something like that. Note all cameras, exits, security gaurds and 
stations and such. If its not possible to go through the building, take pictures 
of the outside, and try to get blue prints, just like in the movies, air shafts 
can be really useful in real life. Study the pictures you take, look for exits, 
entrances, air shafts, (Camera's on the outside?), security guards and stations, 
etc. Plan a way to get past each of these. (See the section on security devices 
and obsticales).


DDD Security devices & Obsitcales.

   This file is getting bigger than I expected (it was supposed to be rather 
small) so I wont go into ALL the details on these, but here's some anyway. First 
off all, there are many types of key card/push button type locks out there (you 
know, you enter a digit or slide a card through and it opens the door or 
whathaveyou).. Well, the best thing for the simple digit ones is MacGyver's 
trick - put dust on them, and you can see which keys are used the most, or last, 
or whatever. Several things can make this idea not work. 1. The code(s) use all 
the keys. 2. There are MANY codes. 3. Its a new security system. 4. It requires 
more than one key to be pressed at once. And some others. Anyway, if it requires 
a card, steal one, or you're shit out of luck. 

   Locks: There are many many files on pyou can find one if you dont already
know. 

   Cameras: A lot of MacGyver type tricks will work with these too. If its a 
camera that just records things to see later, and doesnt show a live human, then 
you're in luck.. just about anything can be done... You can walk up to it with a 
medium size mirror in front of your face, (bigger than your head and preferably 
large enough to cover part of your torso, but not TOO big.. and not an expensive 
one..) Then once you get close, leave the mirror sitting directly in front of 
it.. or approach it however you wish (walk under it, wait till it turns away, 
whatever) then just bash it, or in some other way disable it (pull some wires, 
or if its lame enough to have a tape in it, steal it.. (free tape!), steal the 
whole camera.. whatever).

   Chain link fences: Cut them with ordinary wire cutters, preferably cut the 
fence, then leave the cutters, or even more preferably, take the cutters back to 
your car.. 

Electric Fencing: I haven't had much experience with this, but I'm sure you can 
find a way around it.. (wire cutters w/ rubber handles... whatever).

   Barded wire on top of chain fences... Simple solution : MacGyver : Throw a 
denium jacket, or a tarp or something of the kind over it. Be sure not to leave 
prints on it if you leave it there, or just take it with you... (For further 
reading see: LOD/H Technical Journal File #5 of 10 (Issue #2)>


DDD Disguises & Alibis

   Well, I havent dealt much with disguises, but I'll tell you what I can.. 
First of all, as mentioned before, if you are doing something out in public, you 
do NOT want to wear a 'disguise'. You want to look as inconspicous as possible, 
but as concealable as possible. That's it. Well.. ok, just scan through the 
above, and you'll find some more tips.. Also, if you have any supplies, I 
suggest getting a black flight back (not the shiny kind) to keep everything in, 
that way no reflections.. if you paint knives or guns or anything, use that sort 
of dull paint so things dont reflect.


DDD Locks

Master Locks:
How to get the...

   1st number. Get out any of the Master locks so you know what's going on. 1: 
The handle part (the part that springs open when you get the combination), pull 
on it, but not enough so that the knob won't move. 2: While pulling on it turn 
the knob to the left until it won't move any more. Then add 5 to this number. 
Congradulations, you now have the 1st number.

   2nd number. (a lot tougher) Ok, spin the dial around a couple of times, then 
go to the 1st number you got, then turn it to the right, bypassing the 1st 
number once. WHEN you have bypassed. Start pulling the handle and turning it. It 
will eventually fall into the groove and lock. While in the groove pull on it 
and turn the knob. If it is loose go to the next groove; if it's stiff you got 
the second number.

   3rd number. After getting the 2nd, spin the dial, then enter the 2 numbers, 
then after the 2nd, go to the right and at all the numbers pull on it. ill 
eventually open if you did it right. If can't do it the first time, be patient, 
it takes time.          

And whaddya know, this actually works.


Tumblers.. (Picking Locks):

           As for your very first step, I'd suggest obtaining a copy 
       of a lockpicking manual. Block characters are no substitute for 
       a good drawing. I got "Lock Picking Simplified" for about $5 
       from the Parallex Corporation (address listed at end of file), 
       and I'll admit that I ripped-off a lot of it's info, BUT NOT 
       ALL! You will really use it. 

           In case you don't already have a copy, which would be dumb 
       reading this file, your first step is to get familiar with how 
       a pin-tumbler lock operates. The pin-tumbler, from now on 
       referred to as just "lock", is made up of a series of spring-
       loaded pins which are divided at specific places according to 
       the key. A rough drawing follows:

                       tumblers
               ZD?   1  2  3  4  5         Where: 
               3v@DDBDBBDBBDBBDBBDBDDD?
               3vvvv3/33/33/33/33/3vvv3      / is a pin-spring
               CDDDD4/C4/C4/C4/C4/CDDD4      H is the top pin 
   shear line->CDDDD4HC4HC4HC4HC4HCDDD4  and v is the bottom pin
      (front)->FMMMM5vF5vF5vF5vF5vFMMM5
               CDDDDADAADAADAADAADADDD4
               3vZDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDY
               @DY

           Of course,  this drawing is best  I  can  do  without  real 
       graphics, but it is basically true to form.  Also, keep in mind 
       that the top pins are not cut evenly, for obvious reasons.  

           The top pins of every tumbler must be above the shear  line 
       in  order for the lock to open.  This rules out just stuffing a 
       rod into the lock; that's just on TV.  The job of the locksmith 
       is  to align each tumbler separately,  one at a time.  When all 
       tumblers are aligned, the lock will open.  So,  what do you use 
       to accomplish this?  

           There  are  really only two tools that are needed to unlock 
       such a simple lock. They are referred to as a "feeler pick" and 
       a "torsion wrench". Their crude representations are below.  

                CDD 1'DDD4
                                          
              B UMMMMMMMMM              3 -sharpened tip
              3 390-120x                3   at about 60x
              3 3                       3
              3 3 "torsion       (same  3   "feeler pick"
              2'3   wrench"       scale)3
              3 3                       : 
              3 3                       : MMMM;
              3 3                       :     : -curled grip
              A 3                       HMMMMM<

           (side view of wrench)         (top view of pick)

           These simple tools can  be  fashioned  out  of  almost  any 
       strong steel wire or rod you might have around the home. I made 
       em paper-clip's  metal grips.  After bending  them  straight, I
       pounded  the  top of the torsion  wrench until  it  fit into my
       door lock.  I did this  with the  top half of the pick as well,
       making sure they both were long and  skinny enough  to work the
       lock.  Be careful in choosing your metals!  Copper  might pound
       easy,  but it  also breaks easy,  too.  And,  choose a rod that
       is *strong* ! Some locks are picky (ooooooh, sorry).  

           Once you've got the tools you need,  find yourself  a  lock 
       that you can practice on.  Obviously, the less tumblers it has, 
       the easier it is to pick. Get one you have a key for.  

           How do you pick a lock? There is one shortcoming of pin 
       tumbler locks that aid their being picked: ONE OF THE PINS WILL 
       CATCH ON THE SHEAR LINE BEFORE THE OTHERS.  You will  feel  the 
       plug turn ever so slightly. All you do is keep pressure on your 
       torsion wrench while you work on the next pin.  

           Take  a look at the lock you're trying to pick.  Insert the 
       flattened end of the torsion wrench into the side opposite  the 
       pins.  The  torsion wrench provides the turning power needed to 
       open the lock.  Now with your pick,  move the first pin up  and 
       down  until  it  clicks  into  place (*be sure to keep applying 
       pressure with your wrench!*).  Then,  work your way to the back 
       of the lock, clicking each pin into its place.  When you get to 
       the last pin, the lock should "give".  Your torsion wrench will 
       turn, and the lock is opened.  

           Of course, you will find that some locks are easier to open 
       than  others.   Some  easy  locks  include  key-in-knob  locks, 
       padlocks,  and other cheaply-made locks.  Harder  to  pick  are 
       automotive  locks,  deadbolts,  and vending-machine locks,  for 
       which you need special picks (but if you  get  'em,  you're  in 
       luck!). Experiment with each to see what you can do.  

           That's  about  all  you  need to know in order to open most 
       every lock.  For those  of  you  who  wish  to  go  beyond  the 
       "entertainment  purposes" of this file,  you can recieve a copy 
       of "Lock Picking Simplified" from Parallex (listed  below)  for 
       about $6.00. For those of you who hate making your own tools, a 
       complete  set  of  lock  picks  and  a  locksmithing  guide are 
       available to the public from  Beckman  Associates  for  $29.95.  
       Both prices exclude postage and handling. The addresses are: 

             Parallex Corporation         Beckman Associates
             1285 Mark Street             P.O. Box 2266
             Bensenville, IL 60106        South Hackensack, NJ 07606
             Phone: 1-800-323-3233        
             (free catalog)               ($1.00 catalog)



DDD Disclaimer

   The author of this file, the files used in this file, the memebers of API, 
the boards API distributes to, or his file, and ideas you get from reading it, 
or any results of reading it.  Further more the aformentioned people take no 
responsibility for an illegal actions, helped, encouraged, or taught by/with/of 
this file. (figure that out)

   This file was meant for educational uses only (ahem).. and no actions should 
be taken because of anything you've read here. (ahem).

   Remeber:  Breaking and entering is, after all, a crime. "Who Cares?"


DDD Conclusion

                   Bibliography

            Files: Phrack Inc, Volumn 1, Issue 1, Phile 6 of 8.
                   "How to Pick Locks" - The ENTERminator.
                   The Terrorist's Handbook.
                   LOD/H Technical Journal #5 of 10, Issue #2
                   "Mailbox Shopping" - The Null Space Kid


                    This has been an API production.
       Call Solsbury Hill ][ - Sysop: Laughing Gas - Home of API.


   Final notes: I was planning on including some legal statistics, and 
information on what will happen when you get busted for various things, how many 
people do get busted for various things, etc... but I dont have the fucking time 
right now... so if you are interested in that kind of information get in contact 
with me.. and if I get a good enough response, I'll write up something on it. 
Also, Saturday Knight is writing a killer file on Lockpicking and breaking and 
entering and such as we speak, (or as I type), I suspect it will have QUITE a 
bit more than this one, and will be QUITE a bit more useful.. look for it.. 
distributed by API...

Long live the RSC (Rainbow Sherbert Coaliation).

**END**

