</>-<\>-</>-<\>-</>-<\>-</>-<\>-</>-<\>
<\>                                 </>
</>      Improvised Explosives      <\>
<\>                                 </>
</> Plastique Explosive frm Aspirin <\>
<\>                                 </>
</>-<\>-</>-<\>-</>-<\>-</>-<\>-</>-<\>
Written by: The PUNISHER AND Lich

 This explosive is a phenol dirivative. It is toxic and
explosive compounds made from picric acid are poisonous if
inhaled, ingested, or handled and absorbed through the skin.
The toxicity of this explosive restrict's its use due to the
fact that over exposure in most cases causes liver and kidney
failure and sometimes death if immediate treatment is not
obtained.

 This explosive is a cousin to T.N.T. but is more powerful than
it's cousin. It's the first explosive used militarily and was
adopted in 1888 as an artillery shell filler. Originally this
explosive was derived from coal tar but thanx to modern
chemistry you can make this explosive easily in approximately
three hours from acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin purified).

 This procedure involves dissolving the acetylsalicylic acid in
warm sulfuric acid and adding sodium or potassium nitrate which
nitrates the purified aspirin and the whole mixture drowned in
water and filtered to obtain the final product. This explosive
is called trinitrophenol. Care should be taken to ensure that
this explosive is stored in glass containers. Picric acid will
form dangerous salts when allowed to contact all metals exept
tin and aluminum. These salts are primary explosive and are
super sensitive. They also wall cause the detonation of the
picric acid.

Next needed is aspirin. The cheaper brands work best but
buffered brands should be avoided. Powder these tablets to a
fine consistancy.  To extract the acetylsalicylic acid from
this powder place this powder in methyl alcohol and stir
vigorously. Not all of the powder will dissolve. Filter this
powder out of the alcohol. Again wash this powder that was
filtered out of the alcohol with more alcohol but with a lesser
amount than the first extraction. Again filter the remaining
powder out of the alcohol. Combine the now clear alcohol and
allow it to evaporate in a pyrex dish. When the alcohol has
evaporated there will be a surprising amount of crystals in the
bottom of the pyrex dish.

 Take fourty grams of these purified acetylsalicylic acid
crystals and dissolve them in 150 ml. of sulfuric acid (98%,
specify gravity 1.8) and heat to dissolve all the crystals.
This heating can be done in a common electric frying pan with
the thermostat set on 150 deg. F. and filled with a good
cooking oil.

  When all the crystals have dissolved in the sulfuric acid
take the beaker, that you've done all this dissolving in (600
ml.), out of the oil bath. This next step will need to be done
with a very good ventilation system (it is a good idea to do
any chemistry work such as the whole procedure and any
procedure in this file with good ventilation or outside).
Slowly start adding 58 g. of sodium nitrate or 77 g. of
potassium nitrate to te acid mixture in the beaker very slowly
in small portions with vigorous stirring. A red gas (nitrogen
trioxide) will be formed and this should be avoided. The
mixture is likely to foam up and the addition should be stopped
until the foaming goes down to prevent the overflow of the acid
mixture in the beaker. When the sodium or potassium nitrate has
been added the mixture is allowed to cool somewhat (30-
40 deg. C.). The solution should then be dumped slowly into
twice it's volume of crushed ice and water. The brilliant
yellow crystals will form in the water.  These should be
filtered out and placed in 200 ml. of boiling distilled water.
This water is allowed to cool and then the crystals are then
filtered out of the water. These crystals are a very, very pure
trinitrophenol. These crystals are then placed in a pyrex dish
and places in an oil bath and heated to 80 deg. C. and held
there for 2 hours. This temperature is best maintained and
checked with a thermometer. The crystals are then powdered in
small quantities to a face powder consistency. These powdered
crystals are then mixed with 10% by weight wax and 5% vaseline
which are  to melting temperature and poured into the crystals.
The mixing is best done by kneading together with gloved hands.
This explosive should have a useful plsticity range of 0-40
deg. C.. The detonation velocity should be around 7000 m/sec..
It is toxic to handle but simply made from common ingredients
and is suitable for most demolition work requiring a moderately
high detonation velocity. It is very suitable for shaped
charges and some steel cutting charges. It is not as good an
explosive as C-4 or other R.D.X. based explosives but it is
much easier to make. Again this explosive is very toxic and
should be treated with great care.  AVOID HANDLING BARE-HANDED,
BREATHING DUST AND FUMES, AVOID ANY CHANCE OF INGESTION.
AFTER UTENSILS ARE USED FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF THIS EXPLOSIVE
RETIRE THEM FROM THE KITCHEN AS THE CHANCE OF POISONING IS NOT
WORTH IT, IF MANUFACTURED AS ABOVE, AHOULD BE SAFE IN STORAGE
BUT WITH ANY HOMEMADE EXPLOSIVE STORAGE OS NOT RECOMENDED AND
EXPLOSIVES SHOULD BE MADE UP AS NEEDED.
A V O I D   C O N T A C T   W I T H   A L L   M E T A L S
E X E P T   T I N   A N D   A L U M I N U M ! ! !

Later - The PUNISHER!!!!!!!!!

