 

             [//\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\]
             [//|                                      |\\]
             [\\|        Fun with Billboards!          |//]
             [//|                                      |\\]
             [\\|       Typed By _/uan \/aldez         |//]
             [//|                                      |\\]
             [\\|            Taken From :              |//]
             [//|   A Field Guide to Monkeywrenching   |\\]
             [\\|         By David Foreman             |//]
             [//|                                      |\\]
             [\\|       *- An [NFC] Release -*         |//]
             [//|                                      |\\]
             [//\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\://\\]

        This is the Part I from a series of 'Fun with...' files.  This one
concerns billboards.  The billboard is a way for businesses to advertise
cheaply.  Well you can make it a little more expensive for them.

=---------------------------------------------------------------------=
Disclaimer : The writer of this file is not responsible for the actions
----------   of the people who use this file.
=---------------------------------------------------------------------=

-----------------
BILLBOARD BURNING
-----------------

     It is important to remove billboards.  It is also important not to get
caught (so we can remove more billboards).  I have always felt that burning
billboards (particularly in desert situations) is most effective.  But it is
somewhat "revealing" when a 50 foot high sign explodes in front of your very
eyes, and those of who-knows who else, lighting up everything around for half
 a mile.  But there's a solution.

     SCORE hair cream and swimming pool cleaner.  I'm completely serious.  My
friend Oscar explained it to me.  Now I will tell you.  Here are the
ingredients you will need:

     1 envelope
     1 tube SCORE hairdressing
     1 canister HTH swimming pool cleaner (accept no substitutes).

     Squirt about 1 and 1/2 inches of SCORE gel in one end of the envelope.
In
the other end, sprinkle about 2 tablespoons of HTH (it's granulated chlorine
and
will also clear your sinuses if you get too close) in the other end. Now, fold
the envelope in the middle so the contents can't mix...yet.

     Go forth into the night and find a billboard that particularly deserves
cremation.  Liberally douse the posts with gasoline.  Now, it is time for the
envelope.  Unfold it and let the HTH mix with the SCORE.  In fact, mush it up
real good with your fingers (on the OUTSIDE of the envelope, you idiot).
Place
the potent package at the base of the soaked post, get in your truck and drive
away.

     Four to five minutes later, about the time you're saying, "Yes, a pitcher
of Bud, please," the envelope will start to smoke and hiss and produce a
horrid,
acrid aroma (air pollution) followed by intense heat
and...Eureka!...spontaneous
combustion.  The flames race up the post spreading rapidly in the dry desert
heat.

     The next day you drive by and chuckle.  But a word of warning: practice
with this stuff first.  It takes a while to get the right mixture.  If it's
not
just right, it may simply smoke alot.  Remember, practice makes perfect.

------------------
BILLBOARD REVISION
------------------

     Even more effective than felling, burning or spattering billboards is
revising them. A group in Sydney, Australia, BUGA UP (Billboard Utilizing
Graffitists Against Unhealthy Promotions) has turned the revision of
billboards
into a major campaign.  The following material is taken (slightly revised)
from
their 1981 Spring Catalogue (you can write them at BUGA UP, Box 78, Wentworth
Bldg, University of Sydney Union, 2006, Sydney, NSW, AUSTRALIA).

     Billboard graffiti is so simple you can organize it around just about
anything.  Even if you only paint one billboard a week, you'll be costing the
corporate pushers between $500 and $5000 per year, depending on your
thoroughness.  It's a sad fact, but we've learned through long experience that
money is the only language billboard advertising companies understand.
Nothing
will get those ads down faster than if their profits are reduced by escalating
maintenance costs.

     But even more important than this financial factor is the effect that the
revised ad will have on those who read it. First, select a billboard that you
find offensive, stupid, or just convienent.  It has to be easily accessable
(ie:
not on top of a building) and should make sense to change.

     Purchase a common brand of spray paint that can be purchased through any
number of retail stores or large discount houses.  Shop at different places --
spread your business around!  For billboards, black and chrome are the most
versatile colors, but red, blue, purple, and white are also effective on
particular billboards.

     Try to break down the power of the billboard ad by answering it, looking
at
the space available and the way in which the words and images lend themselves
to
addition, alteration or comment.  Humor is extremely effective in exposing the
advertiser's real intentions -- turning the ad's message back on itself.  (Be
sure to avoid spelling mistakes!)

     If the offending billboard proves too high to reach, you can either get a
ladder (which isn't particularly convenient) or build a spray can extension
rod:

     Obtain a broom handle or another solid strong but lightweight wooden
pole.
At one end, cut out a wedge, half the width of the pole.  Fit a flat metal bar
to the remaining wood.  About one foot from this bar (or the height of your
spray can), attach a support clamp on which the can will rest.  Fit an angle
bracket on each side of the pole, about 8 inches from the end.  The spray can
should fit between these brackets.  Tie a length of plastic coated wire to the
flat metal bar and feed it through a hole in the support clamp and screw eyes
attached the length of the pole.  This wire, when pulled, will press down the
nozzle of the spray can and paint will spray out.  An optional extra is the
roll-top of a deodorant bottle, fitted to the support clamp.  This will help
maintain an even distance between the spray can and billboard.  You may have
to
experiment a bit to get the right measurements to fit a can of spray paint.
Although these spray paint can extension rods are clumsy to use at first, with
practice they become very effective.


                                        Adios,

                                              _/uan \/aldez

Thanks to : The Killer (For editing this thing)
            Electro Fuzz
            Siva Chandra

Call these boards :

[ Future World Elite - 10 Megs - BBS/AE/CF/PG - [301]/486-4515 ]
[ Fuzz's Tavern BBS  - Sysop : Electro Fuzz   - [301]/653-9005 ]

Look for Part II : Fun with Motor Vehicles!





            ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////
            //               The PIRATES' HOLLOW                 //
            //                  415-236-2371                     //
            //         over 12 Megs of Elite Text Files          //
            //                  ROR-ALUCARD                      //
            //             Sysop: Doctor Murdock                 //
            // C0-Sysops: That One, Sir Death, Sid Gnarly & Finn //
            //                                                   //
            //    "The Gates of Hell are open night and day;     //
            //     Smooth is the Descent, and Easy is the way.." //
            ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////



 