

ANARCHY PART 1 BY: HELL RIDER


Alright, first we'll establish the ground rules, then we'll get down to
buisness. I'm here to provide information, not to protect you from yourself.
I'm gonna warn you all once, and that's all. So be careful! There, I said it,
now lets do it.

In this article, and in future instalments, I will describe easy to make
bombs, and techniques of harassment. I take no resposibilty whatsoever for use
or missuse of the following information. It is purely for the sake of
knowledge gained.

Bomb number one.
Materials: shotgun shell, thin cardboard, glue, a cork, and a nail.
Proceedure:cut cardboard into fins, and glue them to the shell, percusion
cap up, so it looks like a rocket when stood up. Insert nail into cork until
tip peeks thru. Glue cork to shell so that nail lines up whith cap.
Wha-la!Throw at desired bad person. I call this one the nutbuster, cause
if it lands between a guys legs.

Bomb number two.
Materials: one liter soda bottle, some aluminum foil, p.C. Board etching fluid
(radio shack). Procedure:make foil into strips, and fill bottle about 1/6 full
with them. Pour 1/5 to 1/2 of the fluid into the bottle, cap quickly, and
throw at desored target fast(i mean fast!). Its not dangerous when do
properly, (i mean thrown fast), and results can be devastating if target is a
house with aluminum siding.


Bomb number three.
Materials: sugar, potasium nitrate (salt peter), matches, a fuse, very low
flame, pan.

Proceedure:combine four parts sugar to six parts potasium nitrate. Heat over
low flame until "plasticy". When it gels, remove from heat. Stick match heads
into it(to help it burn). Add a wick. What you have here is a pretty good
smokebomb. Its not flamable, but one pound is said to fill a city block.

