                   Being a Public Enemy of your Neighborhood
                                by Excursionist

                                    8/12/89

      Well, this is the final file of the Nuisance Series. I've been hassled by
two people so far because of this series. Those people can suck my dick, but I
just don't want to waste my time with them. If you read my previous files, you
should be familiar with the pre-cautions you should take. If you didn't, tough
shit. Get them.

Being an Overall Asshole:           [1] 1 or 2 brown, paper bags.


      As you can see, the required materials for this scheme are rather easy to
obtain. But don't be fooled. That is not all.
      Has anyone ever wondered how those spinning things on houses can be used
for screwing up some one's home? You know, those ventilation inlets for air
conditioning. I have just invented this so it might not work, but what if a
person put something that smells like shit inside those things? If this idea
works, the residents of that house will be nausiated by that smell for a couple
of weeks. How will they find the source of the smell? Virtually impossible to
find I think.
      So all you have to do is take a shit in the brown bag(s). If you find
that disgusting or just impossible to do, improvise. You may want to substitute
the excretory wastes with something else with a strong smell. Rotten eggs and
sulfur come to mind as I type this.
      Once you have something in the bag(s), get on the victim's roof
preferably at night, and force the stuff inside. If the shaft is spinning at
the time, you will have to insert a stick in one of the spaces to stop the
rotation. Then you can dump the bag inside. The next obvious step is to haul
ass.


Yard of the Month:                 [1] 1 can of WD-40, piant tarnish, or
                                       something similar.

      I don't know about other neighborhoods, but mine has a thing where the
best looking yard gets a "Yard of the Month" award. No house gets the award
twice so I figure I'll have it in about 38 years when all the other houses will
have already had it. I hate yardwork so my front yard looks like shit. Either
way, you might get a kick out of doing this.
      All you have to do is spell out the words "Fuck You" or related to that
on the lawn with the WD-40. It shouldn't take too long if you leave the
greating short so the chances of you getting caught are slim. Eventually, what
will happen is the WD-40 will kill the grass that it was sprayed upon. This
will nicely show your desired message. The dead grass will be there until new
grass grows over it. This may take 3 or more months if you strike in the fall
or winter when growth is at its minimal.

//As you can see, the above two schemes have long lasting affects. If you think
  of any others that I might be interested, please leave me mail on one of the
  boards that I'm on.\\

*******************************************************************************
This one is to my ex-girl. At first she was the best thing on earth, but later
she turned into the biggest bitch in the world. Luckly, she will never see
this. Enjoy everyone.
*******************************************************************************

phile #3 of the Nuisance Series
