r30





---------------------------------------
[Space Aborts / Ctrl-S Pauses]

Uploaded By: Phantom Phreaker

           light bulb bomb                                          
   written by the phantom phreaker
      sysop of the alliance bbs
       6 1 8 - 6 6 7 - 3 8 2 5
           7 p m  -  7 a m

how to make a wicked-ass bomb in 8 
simple steps.

materials needed:small file, a small
funnel or medicine dropper, small 
pourable container of gasoline,slyness
and lots of stealth.

step 1:
 break into a someone's house. this is
not completely necessary, but i don't
think one would want to do it to one's
own house...

step 2:
 locate the most used room.this is very
easy, just look for a mess, bottles and
shit lying around, the tv in the room,
worn carpeting..

step 3:
locate a room with a light bulb pretty
close to the light switch, for maximum
effect.

step 4:
unscrew the light bulb, hold the bulb
in exactly the way you took it out of
the socket. now take a file and file
away a small section of the glass near
the metal section of the bulb.

step 5:
after you have a small hole, insert
either a small funnel or a medicine
dropper into the hole, fill the bulb
with gasoline so that the filament is
running through the gas.

step 6:
put the bulb back in the socket without
spilling any of the contets. you might
want to turn the bulb to get the hole
on the other side of the viewers plane
of vision, when turning on the lights.

step 7:
get your ass out of their house before
they wake up or come home.

step 8:
when they come home, whoever turns the
lights on is going to get a hell of a
suprise!!!

-end of phile-

---------------------------------------

[<1-30> ?=Menu, Q=Quit] : 


8: Text Philez A-O
[UD:Punter][41 Min.][40]: