               - V E R Y  S I M P L E  L O C K P I C K I N G -

        Most people are aware of the complex equipment and methods for
picking locks, but not many people are aware of very simple methods such
as card-picking.
        Card-picking, although it does not work on the majority of
doors, still opens a suprising amount of doors. At my old high school I
could open about 1 in 5 doors with this method.
        The first trick is to be able to determine what sort of door it
will and wont work on. The type of door of you are looking for is one
that will move back and forth slightly when you push and pull on the
door handle, and one that does not have an over-hanging door frame. Now
that the hard part is over, open up your wallet and take a laminated
card (library and video cards are cool) and push it in between the door
and door frame as you lean against the door. You should push the card in
adjacent to the door handle, as hard against the inner bolt as you can.
Now when you slowly lean back off the door the bolt should slide up onto
your card, and presto, the door will come open! This works on a whole
range of door locks including cunty Lockwood ones. Although it may sound
a bit complex it is actually very, very easy and looks really cool in
front of friends. If I find the right sort of door I can have it open in
about 3 seconds!
        For all you dudes who can't read and like pictures, here it is
graphically-

                             | :::::
                             | :::::
         ***                 | :::::
       *******               | :::::
     ***********             | :::::
    *************            |#:::::
    *************            |#:::::
     ***********             |#:::::
       *******               | :::::
         ***                 | :::::
                             | :::::
                             | :::::          *=Door knob
                             | :::::          |=Edge of door
                             | :::::          #=Door bolt (push card in here)
                                              :=Door frame


        Hmmmm just love that ASCII! Well this is about all I know about
lock-picking, I suppose I should find out more info on lock-picking in
OZ, so look out for more stuff on it and maybe a list of people who
supply equipment in Melbourne....cya


.\\orbid .\ngel
    =MAIM=
     PHuN
   DiE Trial
