                                Combat Arms
                              2869 Grove Way
                   Castro Valley, California 94546-6709
                         Telephone (415) 538-6544
                         BBS Phone: (415) 537-1777


                           The Colt AR15A2 H-BAR


     The following description relates to the Colt M16A2 (Model 701) and
the Colt AR15A2 H-BAR (Model R6600). The M16 and its variants are capable
of full automatic fire while the AR15 in its different configurations is
available in semiautomatic only. Civilians in California may not possess
fully automatic or burst weapons nor may they possess the parts which make
a semiautomatic weapon fully automatic or capable of burst fire.

     The new concepts of rapid deployment, mobility and increased firepower
now play a major part in the overall strategy of modern warfare. Where
emphasis is now put on small tactical units which are able to "get in and
out fast," there exists an increased need for a lightweight, highly
dependable service rifle with added firepower. The Colt M16 rifle has set
the standard for lightweight, dependable rifles in 5.56 x 45mm (which is
the same as .223 Remington) with over 6,000,000 having been produced for
armed forces throughout the world. When NATO adopted the 5.56mm cartridge,
the Colt M16 rifle was the control weapon by which all others were judged.
The results proved that it was also the most reliable and effective weapon
tested.

     The M16/AR15 system's straight line construction disperses recoil
straight back to the shoulder and keeps barrel climb to a minimum through
the use of an improved flash hider, which deflects gases upward and creates
an equal but opposite reaction, forcing the barrel to not rise. Minimum
barrel climb is critical to the need for the accurate high volume fire
required by today's infantry. By filling in the bottom of the combination
flash hider/muzzle compensator, the new unit eliminates dust dispersion in
prone firing positions.

     A rotating bolt with eight lugs locks into the barrel, eliminating the
need for a heavy steel receiver. The unique direct gas system of the Colt
M16A2 and AR15 H-BAR is self regulating and thereby eliminates the old
conventional operating rod normally associated with gas operated weapons.

     Although the Colt M16 is one of the most combat proven weapon systems
in the world, Colt continues to incorporate state of the art improvements.
At the request of the United States Marine Corps, the Colt M16A2 and AR15A2
H-BAR feature a new forearm, buttstock and pistol grip designed for greater
comfort and effectiveness and produced from new high strength nylon for
greater durability. The stronger, ribbed round forearm provides greater
grip control with an improved heat deflector for sustained fire. The rear
retaining ring for the forearm is now beveled to permit easier removal of
the forearm. The pistol grip incorporates an ergonomic new front and back
side for rapid positioning of the hand and reduction of hand slippage on
the pistol grip.

     Also changed was the rifling twist on the Colt M16A2 and AR15A2 H-BAR.
Now 1 turn in 7", the rifle barrel accommodates the entire range of 5.56mm
ammunition, including the new NATO SS109 (M855) 62 grain 5.56mm ammunition.
A heavier 20.0 inch barrel also increases long range accuracy by adding
stiffness and stability. This barrel is heavy from chamber to muzzle.

     The U.S. Marine Corps also requested, and Colt included on the M16A2
and AR15A2 H-BAR, a new sighting system which encompasses a rear sight with
dual apertures (0-300 and 300-800 meters). The front sight is now squared
and adjustable for elevation with four detents instead of the original
five. The new rear sight is adjustable for both windage and elevation. The
elevation knob on the rear sight is graduated from 300 meters to 800 meters
so that range adjustments can be made directly in meters, eliminating the
need to remember bullet drop. This new sighting system makes it possible to
take advantage of the greater effective range (in excess of 800 meters) and
penetration available with the new NATO SS109 (M855) 62 grain rounds. The
new NATO round fired in the Colt M16A2 or AR15A2 H-BAR has proven capable
of penetrating a steel helmet at ranges beyond 800 meters.

     The Colt M16A2 has been adopted as a standard for all U.S. Forces and
is currently the latest issue rifle for the U.S. Marine Corps. With a
record that is unmatched by any other weapon system, it is no wonder the
the U.S. Marine Corps considers there to be "...no finer service rifle
available in the world today." It is truly the new world standard.

     Also standard on the Colt M16A2 and AR15A2 H-BAR is a cartridge case
deflector for the benefit of the 8-12% of the United States population that
is left handed. The bottom of the trigger guard may be opened to facilitate
the firing of the weapon when the user is wearing winter mittens or gloves,
thus rendering obsolete the need for a special winter trigger attachment. 

     The muzzle velocity with 55 grain full metal jacket ammunition (M193
ball) is 3250 feet per second and 3110 feet per second with the 62 grain
SS109/M855 NATO round. The SS109/M855 round has a maximum range of 3600
meters and the Colt M16A2 and AR15A2 H-BAR has an effective range of 975
meters with this new NATO round. With an overall length of 39.6 inches/1.0
meters, the Colt M16A2 and the AR15A2 H-BAR weigh in, with a fully loaded
30 round magazine, at about 8.5 pounds or 3.85 kilograms.

     Available options include a Colt four power (4X) telescopic sight with
integral mount. The scope can be attached in a few seconds without the use
of tools. The mounting point on the upper receiver is also usable to mount
night vision equipment and various other accessories. A knife type bayonet
is available which slips over the muzzle compensator and a lug which is an
integral part of the front sight. The bayonet is easily fixed and removed.
A lightweight bipod can be attached and removed in an instant and provides
increased stability to the rifle for prone firing. A laser aiming device
may also be mounted beneath the barrel and attached to the bayonet lug.

     For those desiring M16A2's only, there are now seven versions
available to fill every need. The M16A2 with a lighter weight barrel is
Model 703 and weighs 7.0 pounds. The Model 711 utilizes the lighter barrel
and M16A1 upper receiver without the new rear sighting system. Model 723
with a 14.5 inch barrel is the 5.9 pound carbine with collapsible stock
while the Model 733 (Commando) at 5.8 pounds has an 11.5 inch barrel. The
Model 733 is favored by special tactics groups who prefer the compactness
of a submachine gun but require the power and range of a rifle. The Model
741 is the M16A2 mounted as a squad level support weapon with a heavy duty
bipod and weighs 10.1 pounds. Finally, any of the previously mentioned
M16A2's may be equipped with an M203 40mm grenade launcher and is then
capable of firing the entire line of M79 40mm grenades. A completely
separate firing mechanism allows the M203 (3.0 pounds) to be fired
independently from the rifle.

     The AR15A2 is available in four versions. The standard AR15A2 H-BAR,
Model R6600, is also available as the AR15A2 Delta H-BAR. The Delta H-BAR
is a precision H-BAR refined and inspected by the Colt Custom Gun Shop. It
is equipped with a variable 3 to 9 power (3X-9X) rubber armored scope,
removable cheekpiece, adjustable scope mount, black leather military style
sling and hard carrying case. Well suited for small game, the Delta H-BAR,
Model R6600DH, was designed for law enforcement personnel who are faced
with multiple target requirements and weighs 10 pounds. The AR15A2 Sporter
II has a model number of R6500 and has several features from both the M16A1
and M16A2, such as a partially heavy barrel to reduce muzzle climb, new
flash hider , squared front sight, new rounded forearm and beveled
retaining ring, new pistol grip and buttstock and the M16A1 style rear
sights. Model R6420 is the AR15A2 carbine with collapsible buttstock and 16
inch barrel. Weighing only 5.8 pounds, it is a short, compact version of
the Sporter II. Each AR15A2 is furnished by Combat Arms with a cleaning
kit, sling and two 20 round magazines.

     Because Combat Arms believes that your familiarity with the weapon is
of utmost importance, we are pleased to offer a firing range check-out and
training on the weapon when purchased through us at no additional cost.
Should you purchase the weapon elsewhere, this training and check-out is
available at a nominal fee.

     Maintenance manuals, spare parts kits, ammunition, video tapes, etc.
are available for your purchase. We pride ourselves on being the most
knowledgeable dealer on paramilitary weapons in Northern California and are
ready to serve you. Combat Arms is open from 10 A.M. until 6 P.M. Tuesday
through Sunday and closed on Mondays. Special hours are available by
appointment. The use of Visa and MasterCard as well as personal checks is
accommodated. A layaway plan is also available for your convenience.
