
                  ________________________________________
                 |                                        |
                 |         -- Anti Consumerism --         |
                 |                                        |
                 | A handy little fun-filled guide on how |
                 |    to shop in the "correct" manner.    |
                 |                                        |
                 |      _| Compiled by: N. Master |_      |
                 |       | Produced by: Riff Raff |       |
                 |________________________________________|

______________________________________________________________________________

                  Chapter the First: Freshman Orientation
______________________________________________________________________________

     This phile was compiled to assist those of us who like to live on the
edge of sanity, those of us who like to tempt fate, and even those of us who
are simply practical.  These shopping techniques are by no way endorsed by
this organization, yet at one time or another, one or more of them may be
called for, and, thenceforth, utelized.  I have never yet met anybody who has
not employed one of these following actions, nor do I think I ever shall, as
it is common knowledge that, "Drastic times call for drastic measures."  With
this in mind, let us continue...

______________________________________________________________________________

                  Chapter the Second: Simple ShopLifting
______________________________________________________________________________

     The key to ALL forms of shoplifting is to not get caught.  The entire 
"sport" is centered around this, as getting caught sucks.  With this goal in
mind, a brief "guideline" should probably be established so that we can be 
sure that this unfortunate occurance doesn't come about.  

     A shoplifter is recognized by the American Heritage Dictionary to be "One
who steals goods on display in a store."  So, how to do this with a decent
amount of safety?  Well, to smuggle the item out of the store, you need to do
so without looking like you have it, quite obviously.  So, whenever you target
what you want, (like a pack of 10 disks, for example), wear a jacket.  It 
doesn't have to have mega amounts of room, but just enough to snugly fit the
desired item.  I have found that wearing a t-shirt under a buttondown shirt 
works rather well, as I can fit the box inbetween the shirts, and have the 
jacket covering it all, oblivious to public view.  Don't forget to "tuck in"
the shirts into your pants.  You may make as many trips as you want, you've
got all the time in the world.  Just pretend you're "browsing" or looking for
your mother, or something to that extent.

     Bookstores have been found to be exceptionally easy to lift from for this
item, as they have the disks onhand, yet they lack a security system as they
wouldn't think that anybody would want to risk imprisionment for a lousy three
dollar-and-fifty-cent book.  Stake out the area which to have targeted first,
though.  If they have a security system, it's most often going to be obvious
to discourage participation in this act.  Radio Shacks are good, also, as they
have Tandy security systems, which never work in the first place.  But never
forget, don't ever try to lift anything which you can't easily conceal, nor
try to lift something that is in clear view of an employee, as they are
trained to trust nobody, and to check out every suspicion.  And always keep
in mind that if you're caught, you will be forcefully suspended from this 
sport for extended periods of time, namely, imprisioned.  But, what the hell,
you only live once.

______________________________________________________________________________

                     Chapter the Next: Plastic 'Pursing
______________________________________________________________________________

     Carding.  Truly, every phreak knows about it, yet few really know how to
do this with a fair amount of safety.  Getting caught on this offense is even
more dangerous than shoplifting, as it can carry a sentence of grand larsony
if the object is something like a hard drive or such.  So, safety becomes even
more essential.  Some tips...

     Trashing.  Probably the easiest way to get ahold of some ready-to-use
card numbers.  Just wait 'till nightfall, get some flashlights, and drive up
to a local store.  Most trash bins are unlocked, so, don't be bashful, jump
right on inside, and start digging through the trash, (hence the name trashing
of course).  Sooner or later, you'll run across a bunch of carbons, with the
card numbers and customer names inscribed therein.  Employees are SUPPOSED to
rip carbons up, but almost half of the time they fail to do so, or rip them in
such a lackluster manner that the pieces are still connected.  So, gather all
the carbons you can find together in a bag, to sort out and piece together at
home.  When you have sufficiently trashed a can, then you've got to decode the
ones you've found.  With a little time and effort on your part, this can be 
easily accomplished.

     Drop points - MUST be had, as you can NEVER have the object delivered to
your home address, especially as it doesn't match that on the card.  Doing
this will lead to your immediate prosecution upon delivery.  Not the kind of
thought that should cross your mind.  After thorough experimentation and
examination of various types of drop points, everyplace from a vacant house
which is for sale to the local school has been tried, yet the best place has
been determined to be a P.O. Box, as they are relatively untracable.  But, you
ask, HOW to I get one?  Well...

     The post office requires some identification to issue a box to you, so it
is of utmost importance that you attain some.  Read the last name off of the
carbon that you have chosen to use, and consult your local phone books to see
where the subject lives.  In this operation, it is obviously best to choose a
name which is less used, unlike Smith.  In this way, you can find their home
address and other needed information right Ma Bell's own publishing.  To get
the actual identification, (preferably a driver's license), go to the local ID
maker.  They exist everywhere, so don't complain that there aren't any near 
you -- you just haven't been looking hard enough.  Get the ID made out in the
name found on the carbon, so that you can get the box in that name.  Leave no
loose strings that, upon pulling, could lead to your prosecution.

     What do you want?  Computer materials are the most difficult items to get
as most carders are computer enthusiasts, so, they look out for this sort of
thing.  When you call the place to order, be real and DON'T stammer like a 
preadolescent.  It's a sure tipoff.  Also, call from a payphone, like in the 
mall, in case they verify the phone number they gave you.  You do this in case
they are REALLY thorough and make a match of your phone number and address.  
If they don't match, you don't want the improper number to be your own, or you
are, once again, busted.  It's good to use a phone in the mall so that you can
sit around and wait for a return call without being bored out of your skull.
It's been determined relatively safe to assume that they won't call if they
haven't done so in an hour or two.  Once you're done with this, it's just a
matter of time, waiting to see if they didn't run across any bugs.  If you 
don't get it, then they found a discrepancy with your information, or found 
out that you were a fraud.  But, you have nothing to worry about, you haven't
lost anything, you gave it a good try, so "if at first you don't succeed, try,
try again."  However, never use the same number twice.  This is a somewhat
tedious procedure, but if you follow it, you run no risk.  Better to be safe
than sorry...

______________________________________________________________________________

                   Chapter the Fourth: Phinancial Phraud
______________________________________________________________________________

     Exactly how DOES the store know how much an item is?  They, like you,
look at the pricetag, of course.  In many stores, tag switching is childsplay,
you can peel off the old tag, replace it with another, or, if you're a bit
lucky, you'll espie a tagging gun somewhere in the immediate vicinity.  I hope
I don't have to tell you how to use that to your advantage... Yet, in other
stores, such as clothing stores and such, they stick the tags to the item with
a plastic "chain," supposedly untamperable, unbreakable.  Simply with a knife
and a lighter, you can switch tags so that you only have to pay what you WANT
to pay for the item.  But how is this done, you ask...?

     First, cut off the tags of the items which you want to switch between 
with the knife.  Next, get the "desirable" tag, and, by passing the two ends
of it through the base of the flame, (so as to prevent carbon staining), melt
the tag's ends together, so that it looks untampered with.  Once the smell
dissapates, check out your handiwork.  If there is any extra plastic on the 
sides, whittle that off with the knife, so that it looks normal.  Then, unless
the store has a LISystem, or Laser Identifying System, you're all set.  If the
"new" price isn't TOO outrageous, you're in biz.  A little tip: Don't put a 
$0.50 price tag on a $45.00 item.  They're going to notice.  Be real.  But,
this really works.  However, due to the procedure, this has to be done in a 
rather large store, such as The Gap or Caruso Caruso.  Have fun...

______________________________________________________________________________

 -Anti Consumerism- is a TradeMark of DeadMan Operations and Activities, Inc.

            (K)opyWrong 1986                  All Rights Phucked
______________________________________________________________________________
             _ _                                             _ _
            [_|_] This Phile Was Compiled By The Phollowing [_|_]

         Riff Raff     Ninja Master      Acid Reign     The CutPurse
______________________________________________________________________________

[^]  Especial Thanx To Ninja Master For Donating The Idea And The Thought  [^]
