
                    _______________________________________
                   |                                       |
                   |     -- D.O.A. Proudly Presents --     |
                   |                                       |
                   |  The Exploding Light Bulb...A Simple  |
                   |    means of ruining one's weekend!    |
                   |                                       |
                   |     _| Designed by: Riff Raff  |_     |
                   |      | Tested upon: Antonio S. |      |
                   |_______________________________________|

______________________________________________________________________________

                         Chapter One: Materials Needed
______________________________________________________________________________

   o Gasoline           -- Can be replaced with anything extremely flammable.
   o A Motive           -- Not a must, but it doesn't ever hurt.
   o Wax Paper          -- Any water resistant paper will do.  (ie. Reynolds)
   o A Good View        -- Any good place to sit and watch the fireworx.
   o A Light Bulb       -- Any bulb will do, any wattage.
   o Masking Tape       -- Just about any kind of tape will suffice.
   o Electric Drill     -- No comment needed, therefore, none given.
   o Small Drill Bit    -- About the width of a pencil, tops.  Should be as
                           small as possible, so as not to break the bulb.

______________________________________________________________________________

                            Chapter Two: The Setup
______________________________________________________________________________

   1.  Get the bulb, and tightly wrap the tape around the neck of it.  This 
       should secure the bulb, and make it sturdy enough to withstand the
       drilling to come and the pressure difference.

   2.  Load the bit into the drill, and begin drilling, CAREFULLY, into the
       tape at the neck of the bulb.  Once you have gotten throught the glass
       of the bulb, STOP.  Do NOT let the drill damage the interior wiring,
       or you'll have to buy another light bulb and start over.  Also, be very
       careful, as the bulb is a vacuum, and the pressure change will severely
       stress the bulb.  Remember, you are drilling at your leisure, so take
       your time and avoid putting unnecessary stress upon the bulb.

   3.  Using some wax paper or some other water resistance paper, mold into a 
       funnel shape, in order to better guide the fluid into the bulb.  Tape
       this paper, to retain its shape.

   4.  Using the paper as a guide, carefully pour the gasoline into the bulb.
       Try to keep the gasoline along the side of the bulb, so not to drench
       the wires inside.  It has no real effect on the explosive, but it's
       always better to be neat than messy...

   5.  Fill the bulb with gasoline at least up to the wires.  If you want a
       larger explosion, add more gasoline, but don't fill it all the way up,
       3/4 full is considered a good limit.  

   6.  Get more tape, and lightly cover the neck again, plugging up the hole
       you drilled in order to fill it.  The reason you do this is so that
       the flaming gasoline will go equally in all directions, and not through
       the hole exclusively.  So, this step is not fully needed, but it has
       been found that best results do occur with this method in use.

                NOTE: When choosing a bulb to use, make SURE that
                      the bulb is cool, cold if possible.  NEVER 
                      use a bulb fresh out of the socket, as it has
                      a good chance of detonating prematurely, or,
                      otherwise stated, might blow you up.  Be careful
                      in your selection, you're not playing with toys.

______________________________________________________________________________

               Chapter Three: Planting and Detonating the Device
______________________________________________________________________________

     Once you have completed construction of the explosive bulb, prepare to
plant it.  It can be inserted into any socket, and, since people rarely check
their lightbulbs before they turn on the light, it's easily concealed.  A
personal "robot arm" lamp is always a good site, as the victim must be in 
close range to turn it on.  Covered, or traditional lamps are not recommended,
as they most often have the bulb upright in them, and the gasoline will not
be ignited in this position.  Hanging lamps, fixed lamps, and bedside lamps
are the best, as the gasoline is on the bottom of the bulb, and will spread
the fire more evenly upon detonation.  Simply screw the bulb into the selected
socket, and wait...

     Detonation.  Kinda has a "magical" ring, doesn't it?  Well, even the most
simple-minded of us will understand how this "bomb" works...as the current
passes through the bulb, it will detonate.  Therefore, as soon as the current
is turned on, (via the light switch), the gasoline will be ignited, the bulb
will burst, and burning gasoline will fly everywhere, effectively starting a 
fire at the site.  (For this reason, schools become a prime target)  So, since
you know all you have to do is wait -- grab some popcorn, some brew, and some 
friends, and watch the fireworx.  Soon, you'll hear some screams, and some
light from inside, NOT from the fireplace.  A little later, fire trucks will
roll in, and you might even get to be on television as a "bystander to the 
tragedy."  Any way you look at it, it's cheaper than a $4.50 movie, and a 
whole lot more exciting...

______________________________________________________________________________

  - The Gas Bulb - is a TradeMark of DeadMan Operations and Activities, Inc.

        (K)opyWrong 1986 -- D.O.A.                 All Rights Phucked
______________________________________________________________________________

               {-} This Phile Was Compiled by the Phollowing {-}

            Riff Raff     Acid Reign     Sid Vicious    Bacardi 151
______________________________________________________________________________
   _________________________________________________________________________
  |                                                                         |
  |             :::[ G.E. -- We Bring Good Things To Life! ]:::             |
  |_________________________________________________________________________|
