
                     _______________________________________
                    |                                       |
                    | --| Mailing Without Stamps Part 1 |-- |
                    |                                       |
                    |  Hell, twenty-two cents is too much!  |
                    |                                       |
                    |     _|  Produced by: Riff Raff |_     |
                    |      |                   +     |      |
                    |      |              Acid Reign |      |
                    |      |                         |      |
                    |      | Used Against: U.S. Mail |      |
                    |_______________________________________|

_____________________________________________________________________________

                A Short Introduction to the Free-Mailing Process
_____________________________________________________________________________

     The other day, I had to write a few thousand "Thank You" letters, for
all the gifts given me on my birthday to all of my zillion relatives.  So,
like any SMART person, I just ran these all off through AppleWorks, with a
form letter.  Not all that personal, but it's better than nothing, which is
what they would have gotten had I not owned a computer.  Yet, when I went to
the post office to mail these letters, and noticed that every stamp carried a
twenty-two cent price tag, I realized that mailing all these would cost more
than I wished to spend.  So, I began to discover new mailing methods...

_____________________________________________________________________________

                         Company and Corporation Cheats
_____________________________________________________________________________

     The first thing I decided to do was to return home, disgusted with the
national government.  On my way inside, I stumbled across a flyer which I had
received in the mail for a Laser 128 computer - it was labeled...

                    Bulk Rate
                U.S. Postage PAID
                   Portland, OR
                 Permit No. 1990

     Well, I thought, since they already PAID, they wouldn't be charged for
my comparatively miniscule sum of lettering; it would seem useless for me to
pay also; the post office received a rather large sum from the company to
cover their postage rates, probably enough to pay for MY postage, too...

     So, I decided to let my fingers to the walking.  I opened to the yellow
pages, and scanned some buisnesses in my area, marking down the largest ones.
I called up my "select" buisnesses, and asked for some further information on
such things as their present sale, some of their policies, or anything that I
could get in the mail.  In a few weeks, I got 9 or 10 "Bulk Rate" letters, a
proverbial nest of possibility!  Next, I went down to a local store, which
makes custom stamps, in your name, or saying whatever you would like.  I
talked to the employee, and told him what I wanted printed on my stamp.  I
ordered it to look as follows...
                              __________________
                             |                  |
                             |    BULK  RATE    |
                             |   U.S. Postage   |
                             |       PAID       |
                             |  Permit No. 100  |
                             |   Detroit,  MI   |
                             |__________________|

     This sample was made from a "Car-rt Sort" pamphalet which announced a
sale presently going on at Towne and Country Interiors.  (I also found that
"Non-Profit Org." stamps work just as well.)  Then, I purchased an ink pad,
and when the form stamp was finished, I was all set.  I went through all my
letters, put the ink stamp in the upper right corner, and dropped them in the
mailbox right across the street from T&C Interiors.  Everything worked just
fine, the letters all reached their destinations intact, and I ended up with
a $0.50 stamp which I can use over and over again...

     Have Phun...

_____________________________________________________________________________

  - FreeMailing - is a TradeMark of DeadMan Operations and Activities, Inc.

          (K)opyWrong 1986                        All Rights Phucked
_____________________________________________________________________________
