
 









                              DarkStorm's
                                 Book
                                  of
                         Compiled Articles on
                          Destruction, Crime,
                                 and
                          Other Illegal Acts












                "Are You Ready For A Good Time?"


















Version II.IX                                            May 1991


Page i





                            Pretext:

     The author and co-authors of this document, and authors of
the enclosed articles take absolutely no responsibilyity for the
actions taken by the readers of this file. The readers are
assumed to be of whole mind and competancy, so as not to warrant
the punishment of anyone for committing any act herein described.
     This file was composed as a documentary article, and in no
way reflects the author's views on law enforcement, its officers,
or its purpose. This article is an informative look at the other
side. The readers do not have to nor are expected to take part in
any of the acts herein described.
     Inside this file one will find many detailed descriptions on
how to get anything you ever wanted for free, how to make others
pay for your goodies, how to destroy any thing and anyone at
will, and how to reek havoc upon the populus. The author does not
condone this sort of action, and suggests that those who really
want to do this should read no further, and go see a doctor.
Those who shun the thought of my even compiling this file should
stop fucking reading this and delete it, since it won't do well
sitting next to all your other pristine files on how to track
hackers, and how to protect yourself from setting eyes upon
pornography(*). 
     I hereby denounce this article and have decided to delete it
from my drive, hopefully before I get the urge to upload it to
the unsuspecting populus. Those concerned with my actions, rest
your eyes, type: DEL DARK19-?.TXT <CR> at the DOS prompt, and get
some sleep.
     
     Now that those assholes are gone, everyone else come back,
all others should read on(including the guys I told to see a
doctor). Enjoy this documentation, it is the result of many
sleepless nights, many hours of downloading, buffering, and CHATs
to get the necessary information for you all. By the time you
read this I will probably have about 40-60k more of texts to add
to the file, as I have sitting in front of me a few articles on
jailbreak, car theft, atombombs (<--most humorous article, a must
read.), radar guns, unemployment checks while you still have a
job, free food, anti-police warfare, phreaking(@), knife
fighting, the making of viruses (comes complete with a starter
kit/file) etc. I'm sure you'll all enjoy these, but for now, just
read the ones here, it will take you long enough as it is.

(*) oh yeah, PORNOGRAPHY--->definition--from 'porno-graphos'
Greek or something for 'the writing of the prostitutes'. Nice
writing I assume.  
(@) There are some articles on phreaking here, but I have
more....
Page ii







                             Pretext
                             -------
                             (cont.)

     
     Read the articles carefully on phreaking and on hacking, it
is important that you do not get caught trying out any of these
things. There are some non-hacker/pirate articles here, such as
the noise filter to rid yourself of linenoise forever, but I felt
it was important to the hacker, and even to the amatuer. 
     Most all of the articles enclosed can be done with little
expended money, some more than others. The only articles that do
not say how to build them, such as the HBO decoder and the RADAR
jammer are stored as .ZIP files in the DRKSTRM?.ZIP. These are
for you to read, and decide whether or not you want to spend the
money to get them. I would assume that the guys have been shut
down, so I have been looking for a replacement for the RADAR text
(I already have a couple of HBO texts on how to make em.)
     The only other stuff in here that claims to tell how to
build something that doesn't is the couple of articles on Blue
Boxing, (#'s 1-3), they are VERY informative to the newcomer, and
I left them ther for the reading, besides, the texts on how to
build the Pearl Box and a bunch of others will allow you to make
the Blue Box tones. Some of my own advice for you: Make the Gold
Box, NEVER EVER make a Blotto Box, unless you wish to get a
lawsuit shoved so far up your asshole that you'll be tasting it
in your mouth for years to come. And unless you're extrememely
demented, don't make a Urine Box.
     I am looking for the file "Jane's All The World's Boxes", if
anyone has it, please upload it to any BBS I'm on, I would like
to include it in my next issue of DRKSTRM. It has many many more
boxes that are not listed here, nor anywhere else to my
knowledge. (To the authors of Jane's ATWB, I only plan to use a
few of the better ones, I will not include it all.) [Still
looking....]
     The HBO file on page 123 works great. I use it now, and it's
fine. 
     Also, if you have any intention of doing anything mentioned
in this documnet, read the articles on it carefully. As in the
instance of the two Carding texts, the first says how to do it,
but yet, if you read the second one, you will realize that had
you tried it now, you would probably be sitting in a dingy cell
with a big Samoan named Biff who wants to make you his wife.
     Go nuts!
     Have a Hell of a time!

Page iii





                        Table of Contents
                        ----- -- --------

Subject:                                               Page(s):
-------                                                -------

Pretext................................................ii-iii
Table of Contents......................................iv-vi
Special Thanks To:.......................................vii
Preaking and Hacking:
     Bell Trashing.......................................1-2
     Blue Boxing.........................................3-5
     Better Homes and Blue Boxing File #1................6-8
     Better Homes and Blue Boxing File #2................9-15
     Better Homes and Blue Boxing File #3...............16-20
     Red Boxing...........................................21
     Hacker's Atlas (By: The Wyvern)....................22-26
  How To Build Various Boxes:
     Noise Filters......................................27-29
     Neon Box.............................................30
     White Box..........................................31-32
     Black Box..........................................33-35
     Urine Box..........................................36-37
     Blotto Box.........................................38-40
     Beige Box..........................................41-44
     Aqua Box...........................................45-48
     Cheese Box File #1...................................49
     Cheese Box FIle #2...................................50
     Brown Box..........................................51-52
     Gold Box...........................................53-54
     Crimson Box........................................55-56
     Pearl Box..........................................57-58
     Silver Box.........................................59-61
     Red Box..............................................62
     Green Box............................................63
The Book of Unlawfuls (By: Shadowspawn):
     Section I -- Bombs.................................64-65
     Section II -- Hacking................................66
Lock Picking:
     Combination Locks..................................67-68
     Door Knobs....(2 Files)............................69-75
     Padlocks.............................................76  
Weird Drugs.............................................77-78
House Breaking............................................79
Demolition Files (By: King Arthur):
     Number 1...........................................80-81
     Number 2...........................................82-84

Page iv






                       Table of Contents 
                       ----- -- --------
                             (cont.)

Subject:                                               Page(s):
-------                                                -------

Bombs + Chemicals:
     House-Hold Equivelences for Chemicals..............85-86
     Misc. Compounds (By: The Prowler)..................87-88
     Black Powder.......................................89-90
     Fire Bombs, Napalm, etc............................91-92
     Nitrogylcerine.....................................93-94
     Misc. Demolitions, Flares, Fuels, etc.............95-101
     Moltov Cocktail.....................................102  
The Anarchist's Micro-Cookbook (By: Maelstrom).........103-105
Cars:
     How to Hotwire a Car................................106
     How to Fuck one up..................................107
Terror/ism:
     Electronic Terrorism..............................108-110
     Harmless Terror...................................111-112
Carding:
     Carding Text #1...................................113-114
     New Info on Carding...............................115-119
Free Shit:
     Change..............................................120
     Postage...........................................121-122 
     HBO.................................................123
     HBO Revised.........................................123b
     HBO + Free PAY TV.................................124-128
     Cable TV Hacking.................................128b-128
     3-Way Teleconferencing..............................129  
     Horses..............................................130
Frequencies:
     Bugs, Taps, Mikes.................................131-132
     Federal Frequencies...............................133-136
     Code Words........................................137-138
     Common 10 Codes (ie; 10-4)..........................139 
     Quick Notes on Frequencies..........................140
Info on Hacking/Pirate Groups:
     Information on Hacker Groups......................141-142
     Electronic Hacker Magazines.......................143-144
     Printed Hacker/CU Magazines.......................145-146
     Misc. Catalogs on Crime/CU/Hacking etc............147-151


Page v



                        Table of Contents
                        ----- -- --------
                             (cont.)

Subject:                                               Page(s):
-------                                                -------

Info on Haking/Pirate Groups: (cont.)
     Hacker BBS's etc....................................152
     The Butler's Disclaimer.............................153
Last Minute Additions:
     Excerpts from 'Steal This Book':
          People's Chemistry...........................154-155
          Fuses..........................................156
          Coin/Bill Fraud..............................157-158
          Free Calls/Elimentary Red Boxing...............159
Enclosure Notes:
     Enclosed Hz-Generator and Misc. Texts...............160

     One Final Note to All From DarkStorm................161






























Page vi






                       Special Thanks To:
                       -----------------


     BAH, JDS, Andersen, Streak, Gunner, McCarthy, Flare,
Starburst (AKA Mark Taverns), and Hayes.
                    \______Not his real name boys, a handle OK?
                              He's insane, not Stupid.



                    An Extra Note of Thanks:
                    -----------------------


     To the United States of America, for allowing me the freedom
of expression, that of speech, and that of the press, which thus
granted me the right to publish this article. (Sort of.)
     {Not like I wouldn't have published it if it were illegal}
     But thanks anyway; it's the thought that counts.



                     One Last note (I Hope)
                     ----------------------
     Most of the BBS numbers have been left attached to the
files, that is, accept for the Police Station, which I think only
appears once, but no matter, you can still call most of these
BBS's even if all their articles are not properly denoted. 
     You can find most of these articles, plus many more on any
of the BBS's mentioned in this file, and on many others not
mentioned here. Many good BBS's have message sections devoted to
Law and Lawlessness.



                             Oh Yeah
                             -- ----
     Almost forgot, this is a fairly good size article, so you
might want to use a Search program, or one with a Search (and
replace) key in it. Search in the forward direction from the
Table of Contents for 'Page ###' and it will get you there faster
than you can. In my next issue, or in a few at least, I will
divide it up a bit so you can load some of it, or discard or
whatever to make it better for you. (Did it this time....) 


Page vii                                                         




                            Bell Trashing
                            By: The Dragyn

                          The Police Station
                             612-934-4880


     The Phone Co. will go to extreams on occasions. In fact,
unless you really know what to expect from them, they will
suprise the heck out of you with their "unpublished tarriffs".
Recently, a situation was brought to my attention that up till
then I had been totaly unaware of, least to mention, had any
concern about. It involved garbage! The phone co. will go as far
as to prosecute anyone who rumages through their garbage and
helps himself to some.

     Of course, they have their reasons for this, and no doubt
benefit from such action. But, why should they be so picky about
garbage? The answer soon became clear to me: those huge metal
bins are filled up with more than waste old food and refuse...
Although it is Pacific Tele. policy to recycle paper waste
products, sometimes employees do overlook this sacred operation
when sorting the garbage.  Thus top-secret confidential Phone Co.
records go to the garbage bins instead of the paper shredders.
Since it is constantly being updated with "company memorandums,
and supplied with extensive reference material, the Phone co.
must continualy dispose of the outdated materials. Some phone
companies are supplied each year with the complete "System
Practices" guide. This publication is an over 40 foot long
library of reference material about everything to do with
telephones. As the new edition arrives each year, the old ver-
sion of "System Practices" must also be thrown out.

    I very quickly figured out where some local phone phreaks
were getting their material. They crawl into the garbage bins and
remove selected items that are of particular interest to them and
their fellow phreaks. One phone phreak in the Los Angeles area
has salvaged the complete 1972 edition of "Bell System
Practices". It is so large and was out of order (the binders had
been removed) that it took him over a year to sort it out and
create enough shelving for it in his garage.

    Much of this "Top Secret" information is so secret that most
phone companies have no idea what is in their files. They have
their hands full simply replacing everything each time a change
in wording requires a new revision. It seems they waste more
paper than they can read!


Page 1



    It took quite a while for Hollywood Cal traffic manager to
figure out how all of the local phone phreaks constantly
discovered the switchroom test numbers.

    Whenever someone wanted to use the testboard, they found the
local phone phreaks on the lines talking to all points all over
the world. It got to the point where the local garbage buffs knew
more about the office operations than the employees themselves.
One phreak went so far as to call in and tell a switchman what
his next daily assignment would be. This, however, proved to be
too much. The switchman Miscellanous Nastiesied the tool of his
trade.

    In another rather humorous incident, a fellow phreak was
rumaging through the trash bin when he heard somone apraoching.
He pressed up against the side of the bin and silently waited for
the goodies to come. You can imagine his surprise when the
garbage from the lunchroom landed on his head. Most people find
evenings best for checking out their local telco trash piles. The
only thing necessary is a flashlight and, in the case mentioned
above, possibly a rain coat. A word of warning though, before you
rush out and dive into the trash heap. It is probably illegal,
but no matter where you live, you certainly won't get the local
policeman to hold your flashlight for you.


























Page 2


                      THE THEORY OF "BLUE BOXING"                

                After most neophyte phreaks overcome their
fascination with Metrocodes and WATS extenders, they will usually
seek to explore other avenues in the vast  phone network.  Often,
they will come across references such as:
        'simply dial KP+2130801050+ST for the Alliance
teleconferencing system in LA'.
  Numbers such as the one above were intended to be used with a
blue box; this article will  explain the fundamental principales
of the fine art of blue boxing.                                  
                               GENESIS  
              In the begining, all long distance calls were
connected manually by oper-ators who passed on the called number
verbally to other operators in series.  This is because pulse(aka
rotary) digits are created by causing breaks in the DC current. 
Since long distance calls require routing through various switch-
ing equipment and AC voice amplifiers, pulse dialing cannot be
used to send   the destination number to the end local office
(CO)>
              Eventually, the demand for faster and more
efficient long distance (LD)  service caused Bell to make a
multi-billion dollar decision.  They had to     create a
signaling system that could be used on the LD network. 
Basically,   they had two options:                               
   (1) to send all the signaling and supervisory information (ie.
      ON and  OFF HOOK) over separate data links.   This type of 
     signaling is referred to as out-of-bandsignaling,
                          or
   (2) to send all the signaling information along with the
conversation  using tones to represent digits.   This type of
signaling is referred to as in-band signaling. 
                                                                 
         Beingthe cheap bastards that they naturally are, Bell
chose the latter(and cheaper) method - in-band signaling.  They
eventually regretted this, though (heh,heh)...                   
                                                                 
    IN BAND SIGNALING PRINCIPLES                              
When a subscriber dials a telephone number, whether in rotary or
touch-  tone (aka DTFM), the equipment in the CO interprets the
digits and looks for a convenient Trunk Line to send the call on
its way.  In the case of a local   call, it will probably be sent
via an Inter-Office Trunk: otherwise, it will  be sent to a toll
office (class 4 or higher) to be processed.  When trunks are not
being used there is a 2600 Hz tone on the line, thus to find a
free trunk, the CO equipment simply checks for the presence of
2600 Hz.  If it doesn't  find a free trunk the customer will
receive a re-order signal (120IPM busy    signal) or the 'all
circuts are busy...'message.  If it does find a free trunk, it
'seizes' it --removing the 2600Hz.

Page 3



  It then sends the called number or a special routing code to
the other end or toll office.  The tones it uses to   send this
information are called Multi-Frequency (MF) tones.  An MF Tone   
  consists of two tones from a set of six master tones which are
combined to    produce   12   separate tones.  You can sometimes
hear these tones in the     background when you make a call, but
they are usually filtered out so your    delicate ears cannot
hear them.  These are NOT the same as touchtones. 
            To notify the equipment at the far end of the trunk
that it is about to  receive routing information, the originating
end first sends a Key Pulse (KP) tone.  At the end of sending the
digits, the originating end then sends a     STart (ST) tone. 
Thus to call 914 - 359 - 1517, the equipment would send     KP +
9143591517 + ST in MF tones. When the customer hangs up, 2600 Hz
is once again sent to signify a disconnect to the distant end.   
                        HISTORY                                  
               In November 1960 issue of the Bell System
Technical Journal, an article  entitled 'Signaling Systems for
Control of Telephone Switching' was published.     This journal,
which was sent to most university libraries, happened to  
contain the actual MF tones used in signaling.  They appeared as
follows:


              DIGIT TONES                                        
            1....................................700 + 900 HZ    
            2....................................700 + 1100 HZ   
            3....................................900 + 1100 HZ   
            4....................................700 + 1300 HZ   
            5....................................900 + 1300 HZ  
            6...................................1100 + 1300 HZ   
            7....................................700 + 1500 HZ   
            8....................................900 + 1500 HZ   
            9...................................1100 + 1500 HZ   
            0...................................1300 + 1500 HZ  
            KP..................................1100 + 1700 HZ 
            ST..................................1500 + 1700 HZ
            11 (*)...............................700 + 1700 HZ
            12 (*)...............................900 + 1700 HZ
            KP2 (*).............................1300 + 1700 HZ

                                                                 
                 (*) Used only on CCITT SYSTEM 5 for special
inter-national calling.
                                                                 
                 Bell caught wind of blue boxing in 1961, when it
caught a Washington     State College student using one.  They
originally found out about blue boxes  through police raids and
informants.  In 1964, Bell Labs came up with scanningequipment,
which recorded all suspicious calls. to detect blue box usage.   
Page 4 








   These units were installed in CO's where major toll fraud
existed. 
   AT&T security would then listen to the tapes to see if any
toll fraud was actually committed. Over 200 convictions resulted
from the project.  Surprisinglyenough, blue boxing is not solely
limited to the electronics enthusiast:  
   AT&T has caught businessmen, film stars, college students,    
doctors, lawyers, high school students, and even a millionaire
financier      (Bernard Cornfield)  using the device. AT&T also
said that nearly half of     those that they catch are
businessman.

 
































Page 5


| 17-JUN-1987 Blue box plans, part I

Note to SysOps: You are welcomed to download this file and use it
on your system, providing you do NOT remove the credits for:
             MARK TABAS  OR KAOS. 
In other words, Try to act like a HUMAN BEING!

--------------------------------------    ___________________
       THE MARK TABAS ENCOUNTER           \ Dropped to lower/
          SERIES PRESENTS:                /case by your old \
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-     \ friend,         / 
     BETTER HOMES AND BLUE BOXING         /  -=+DarkStorm+=-\
           PART I                         \(Much easier to  /
       THEORY OF OPERATION                /   read now.)    \
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-    \_________________/

To quote KARL MARX, BLUE Boxing has ALWAYS been the most noble
form of Phreaking. As opposed to such things as using an MCI code
to make a free fone call, which is merely mindless pseudo-
phreaking, BLUE boxing is actual interaction with the BELL SYSTEM
TOLL NETWORK. it is like wise advisable to be more cautious when
BLUE boxing, but the careful phreak will NOT BE CAUGHT,
regardless of what type of switching system he is under.
 {{Perhaps not the Careful phreak, but it is hard to tell if you
are careful ENOUGH. If you get caught, you know you weren't
careful enough. Too bad there's such a penalty for it.... Good
luck my friends!}}
     In this part, I will explain how and why BLUE boxing works,
as well as where. In later parts, I will give more practical
information for BLUE boxing and routing information. ----
Communications with trunks.-----
     Trunks must NOT be confused with SUBSCRIBER LINES (or
"Customer Loops") which are standard telefone lines. Trunks are
those lines that connect central offices. Now, when trunks are
NOT in use (I.E., Idle or "ON-HOOK" state) They have 2600Hz
applied to them. If they are Two-way Trunks, there is 2600Hz in
both directions. When a trunk is in use (Busy or "OFF-HOOK"
state), The 2600Hz is removed from the side that is off-hook. the
2600Hz is therefore known as a Supervisory Signal, because it
indicated the status of a trunk; on hook (TONE) or off-hook (NO
TONE). NOTE also that 2600Hz is denoted SF (Single frequency)
signalling and is "IN-BAND." This is very important. "IN-BAND"
means that it is within the band of frequencies that may be
transmitted over normal telefone lines. Other SF Signals, such as
3700Hz are used also. However, they cannot be carried over the
telefone network normally (They are "OUT-OF-BAND" and are
therefore NOT able tobe taken advantage of as 2600Hz is.  Back to
trunks. Let's take a hypothetical phone call. You pick up your
fone and dial 1+806-258-1234(Your goof friend in Amarillo Texas).
For ease  we'll assume that you are  on #5 crossbar swithcing and
not in the 806 area. Your central office (CO) would recognize 
Page 6



that 806 is a Foreign NPA, so it would route the call to the toll
centre that serves you. [For the sake of experienced reader, note
that the CO in question is a Class 5 with LAMA that uses
OUT-OF-BAND SF supervisory signalling]. Depending on where you
are in the country, the call would leave your toll centre(on more
trunks) to abother tollcenter, OR office of higher "RANK".Then it
would be routed to centraloffice 806-258 eventually and the call
would be completed. ILLUSTRATION:
     A---CO1-------TC1------TC2----CO2----BA=YOU  
                                      ___________
CO1=YOUR CENTRAL OFFICE              / Got bored \
TC1=YOUR TOLL OFFICE.                \ of trans- /
C2=TOLL OFFICE IN AMARILLO.          /lating all \
CO2=806-258 CENTRAL OFFICE.          \ this shit./
B=YOUR FRIEND (806-258-1234)         /___________\ 

IN THIS SITUATION IT WOULD BEREALISTIC TO SAY THAT CO2 USES
SFIN-BAND (2600HZ) SIGNALLING, WHILEALL THE OTHERS USE
OUT-OF-BANDSIGNALLING (3700HZ). IF YOU DON'TUNDERSTAND THIS,
DON'T WORRY TOO MUCH.I AM POINTING THIS OUT MERELY FOR THESAKE OF
ACCURACY. THE POINT IS THATWHILE YOU ARE CONNECTED TO
806-258-1234, ALL THOSE TRUNKS FROM YOURCENTRAL OFFICE (CO1) TO
THE 806-258CENTRAL OFFICE (CO2) DO *NOT* HAVE2600HZ ON THEM,
INDICATING TO THEBELL EQUIPMENT THAT A CALL IS INPROGRESS AND THE
TRUNKS ARE IN USE.  NOW LET'S SAY YOU'RE TIRED OFTALKING TO YOUR
FRIEND IN AMARILLO(806-258-1234) SO YOU SEND A 2600HZDOWN THE
LINE. THIS TONE TRAVELS DOWNOFFICE (CO2) WHERE IT IS
DETECTED.HOWEVER, THAT CO THINKS THAT THE2600HZ IS ORIGINATING
FROM BELLEQUIPMENT, INDICATING TO IT THATYOU'VE HUNG UP, AND THUS
THE TRUNKSARE ONCE AGAIN IDLE (WITH 2600HZPRESENT ON THEM). 
     BUT ACTUALLY, YOUHAVE NOT HUNG UP, YOU HAVE FOOLED
THEEQUIPMENT AT YOUR FRIEND'S CO INTOTHINKING YOU HAVE. THUS,IT
DISCONNECTSHIM AND RESETS THE EQUIPMENT TOPREPARE FOR THE NEXT
CALL. ALL THISHAPPENS VERY QUICKLY (300-800MS FORSTEP-BY-STEP
EQUIPMENT AND 150-400MSFOR OTHER EQUIPMENT).  WHEN YOU STOP
SENDING 2600HZ (AFTERABOUT A SECOND), THE EQUIPMENT THINKSTHAT
ANOTHER CALL IS COMING TOWARDSIT (I.E., IT THINKS THE FAR END
HASCOME "OFF-HOOK" SINCE THE TONE HASSTOPPED). IT COULD BE
THOUGHT OF AS ATOGGLE SWITCH: TONE --> ON HOOK, NOTONE -->OFF
HOOK.
     NOW THAT YOU'VESTOPPED SENDING 2600HZ, SEVERAL THINGSHAPPEN:
     1) A TRUNK IS SEIZED.
     2) A "WINK" IS SENT TO THE CALLING ENDFROM THE CALLED END
INDICATING THATTHE CALLED END (TRUNK) IS NOT READY TORECEIVE
DIGITS YET.
     3) A REGISTER IS FOUND AND ATTACHEDTO THE CALLED END OF THE
TRUNK WITHINABOUT TWO SECONDS (MAX).
     4) A START-DIAL SIGNAL IS SENT TO THECALLING END FROM THE
CALLED ENDINDICATING THAT THE CALLED END ISNOW, ALL OF THIS IS
PRETTY MUCHTRANSPARENT TO THE BLUE BOXER. ALL HEREALLY HEARS WHEN
Page 7




THESE FOUR THINGSHAPPEN IS A <BEEP><KERCHUNK>. 
     SO,SEIZURE OF A TRUNK WOULD GO SOMETHINGLIKE THIS:  
1> SEND A 2600HZ  
2> TERMINATE 2600HZ AFTER 1-2 SECS.  
3> [BEEP][KERCHUNK]  

     ONCE THIS HAPPENS, YOU ARE CONNECTEDTO A TANDEM THAT IS
READY TO OBEY YOUREVERY COMMAND. THE NEXT STEP IS TOSEND
SIGNALLING INFORMATION IN ORDERTO PLACE YOUR CALL. FOR THIS YOU
MUSTSIMULATE THE SIGNALLING USED BYOPERATORS AND AUTOMATIC
TOLL-DIALINGEQUIPMENT FOR USE ON TRUNKS. 
     THEREARE MAINLY TWO SYSTEMS, DP AND MF.HOWEVER, DP WENT OUT
WITH THE DINOSAUR, SO I'LL ONLY DISCUSS MF SIGNALLING.MF
(MULTI-FREQUENCY) SIGNALLING IS THESIGNALLING USED BY THE
MAJORITY OF THEINTER- AND INTRA-LATA NETWORK. IT ISALSO USED IN
INTERNATIONAL DIALINGKNOWN AS THE CCITT NO.5 SYSTEM.  MF
SIGNALLING CONSISTS OF 7 FREQUEN-CIES, BEGINNING WITH 700HZ
ANDSEPARATED BY 200HZ. A DIFFERENT SET OFTWO OF THE 7 FREQUENCIES
REPRESENT THEDIGITS 0 THRU 9, PLUS AN ADDITIONAL 5SPECIAL KEYS.
THE FREQUENCIES AND USESARE AS FOLLOWS:

FREQUENCIES (HZ) | DOMESTIC    |      INT'L  |
-----------------|-------------|-------------|  ______________
700+900          |    1        |        1    | / I don't know \
900+1100         |    3        |        3    | \about you, but/
700+1300         |    4        |        4    | /sometimes I   \
900+1300         |    5        |        5    | \ actually dial/
1100+1300        |    6        |        6    | /the number 2. \
700+1500         |    7        |        7    | \   SEE THE    / 
900+1500         |    8        |        8    | /FILE ON LIKE  \
1100+1500        |    9        |        9    | \PAGE 3 FOR THE/
1300+1500        |    0        |        0    | / TONES FOR #2 \
700+1700         |  ST3P       |     CODE 11 | \______________/
900+1700         |   STP       |     CODE 12 |
1100+1700        |   KP        |       KP1   |
1300+1700        |  ST2P       |       KP2   |
1500+1700        |   ST        |       ST    |


 THE TIMING OF ALL THE MF SIGNALS IS A NOMINAL 
     60MS
 EXCEPT FOR KP, [which is]   120MS


--- The World of Cryton (UK)--- +44 4 584 7608




Page 8

                               
| 17-JUN-1987 Blue box plans, part II

THE MARK TABAS ENCOUNTER SERIES                _______________
PRESENTS...                                   / Thrown to    /
                                             /80- columns   /
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=     / for all of   /
      BETTER HOMES AND BLUE BOXING         / you out there/
                PART II                   /who want it, +/
          PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS         /even those who/
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= /    don't.    /
                                       ----------------
(IT IS ASSUMED THAT THE READER HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD PART I OF
THIS SERIES).

  THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF BLUE BOXING IN THE BEGINNING WAS
MERELY TO RECEIVE TOLL SERVICES FREE OF CHARGE. THOUGH
THIS CAN STILL BE DONE, BLUE BOXING HAS ESSENTIALLY OUTLIVED ITS
USEFULNESS IN THIS AREA. MODERN DAY "EXTENDERS" AND
LONG DISTANCE SERVICES PROVIDE A SAFER AND EASIER WAY TO MAKE
FREE FONE CALLS.
HOWEVER, YOU CAN DO THINGS WITH A BLUE BOX THAT JUST CAN'T BE
DONE WITH ANY-THING ELSE. FOR ORDINARY TOLL-FRAUD, A
BLUE BOX IS IMPRACTICAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:

  1. CLUMSY EQUIPMENT REQUIRED (BLUE BOX OR EQUIVALENT)
  2. MOST BOXED CALLS MUST BE MADE THROUGH AN EXTENDER. NOT FOR
     SAFETY REASONS, BUT FOR REASONS I'LL EXPLAIN LATER.
  3. CONNECTIONS ARE OFTEN SACRIFICED BECAUSE CONSIDERABLE
DISTANCES MUST BE DIALED TO CROSS A SEIZABLE TRUNK, IN ADDITION
TO AWKWARD ROUTING.


ARE USUALLY MADE THROUGH AN EXTENDER. THIS IS FOR BILLING
REASONS. IF YOU RECALL FROM PART I, 2600HZ IS USED AS A
"SUPERVISORY" SIGNAL. THAT IS, IT SIGNALS THE STATUS OF A TRUNK--
"ON-HOOK" OR "OFF-HOOK." WHEN YOU SEIZE A TRUNK (BY BRIEFLY
SENDING 2600HZ), YOUR END (THE CALLING END) GOES ON HOOK FOR THE
DURATION OF THE 2600HZ AND THEN GOES OFF-HOOK ONCE AGAIN WHEN THE
2600HZ IS TERMINATED. THE CALLED END RECOGNIZES THAT A CALL
IS ON THE WAY AND ATTACHES A REGISTER, WHICH INTERPRETS THE
DIGITS WHICH ARE TO BE SENT. NOW, UNDERSTAND THAT EVEN
THOUGH YOUR END HAS COME OFF-HOOK (NO 2600HZ PRESENT), THE OTHER
END IS STILL ON-HOOK. YOU MAY WONDER THEN,
WHY, IF THE OTHER END (THE CALLED END) IS STILL ON-HOOK, THERE IS
NO 2600HZ COMING THE OTHER WAY ON THE TRUNK, WHEN THERE SHOULD
BE. THIS IS CORRECT. 
     2600HZ *IS* PRESENT ON THE TRUNK WHEN YOU SEIZE IT AND
AFTERWARDS, BUT YOU CANNOT HEAR IT BECAUSE OF A BAND
ELIMINATION FILTER (BEF) AT YOUR CENTRAL OFFICE.
  BACK TO THE PROBLEM. REMEMBER THAT WHEN YOU SEIZE A TRUNK,
2600HZ IS INDEED COMING THE OTHER WAY ON THE
Page 9




TRUNK BECAUSE THE CALLED END IS STILL ON-HOOK, BUT YOU DON'T
ACTUALLY HEAR IT BECAUSE OF A FILTER. HOWEVER, THE
BELL EQUIPMENT KNOWS IT'S THERE (THEY CAN "HEAR" IT). THE
PRESENCE OF THE 2600HZ IS TELLING THE BILLING EQUIP-
MENT THAT YOUR CALL HAS NOT YET BEEN COMPLETED (I.E., THE CALLED
END IS STILL ON-HOOK). WHEN FINALLY YOU DO

2600HZ FROM THE CALLED END TERMINATES. THIS TELLS THE BILLING
EQUIPMENT THAT SOMEONE PICKED UP THE FONE AT THE CALLED END AND
YOU SHOULD BEGIN TO BE BILLED. SO YOU DO START TO GET BILLED,
BUT FOR THE CALL TO THE TRUNK, NOT THE BOXED CALL. YOUR BILLING
EQUIPMENT THINKS THAT YOU'VE CONNECTED WITH THE NUMBER YOU USED
TO SEIZE THE TRUNK.

ILLUSTRATION:

  1. YOU CALL 1+806-258-2222     (DIRECTLY)
  2. STATUS OF TRUNKS:
<----------------------------------->
(YOU)                    806-258-2222
NO 2600HZ-------> <------------2600HZ

  WHEN YOU SEIZE A TRUNK (BEFORE THE NUMBER YOU CALLED ANSWERS)
THERE IS NO AFFECT ON YOUR BILLING EQUIPMENT. IT SIMPLY THINKS
THAT YOU'RE STILL WAITING FOR THE CALL TO COMPLETE
(THE CALLED END IS STILL ON-HOOK; IT IS RINGING, BUSY, GOING TO
RECORDING OR INTERCEPT OPERATOR).
  NOW, LET'S SAY THAT YOU'VE SEZIED A TRUNK (806-258-2222) AND
FOR EXAMPLE, KP+314+949+1705+ST. THE CALL IS ROUTED
FROM THE TANDEM YOU SEIZED TO: 314-949-1705.

ILLUSTRATION:

<------------------>O<--------------->
(YOU)              806         314-949
                 TANDEM  


  NOTE THAT THE ENTIRE PATH TOWARDS THE RIGHT (THE CALLED END)
HAS NO 2600HZ PRESENT AND IS THEREFORE "OFF-HOOK." THE ENTIRE
PATH TOWARDS THE LEFT (THE CALLING END) DOES HAVE 2600HZ
PRESENT ON IT, INDICATING THAT THE CALLED END HAS NOT PICKED UP
(OR COME "OFF-HOOK"). WHEN 314-949-1705 ANSWERS,
"ANSWER SUPERVISION" IS GIVEN AND THE 2600HZ TOWARDS THE LEFT
(THE CALLING END) TERMINATES. THIS TELLS YOUR BILLING EQUIPMENT,
WHICH THINKS THAT YOU'RE STILL WAITING TO BE CONNECTED
WITH 806-258-2222, THAT YOU'VE FINALLY CONNECTED. BILLING THEN
BEGINS TO 806-258-2222. NOT EXACTLY AN AUSPICIOUS BEGINNING FOR
AN ASPIRING YOUNG PHONE PHREAK.
Page 10




  TO AVOID THIS, SEVERAL ACTIONS MAY BE TAKEN. AS PREVIOUSLY
MENTIONED, ONE MAY AVOID BEING CHARGED FOR THE NUMBER CALLED TO
SEIZE A TRUNK BY USING AN EXTENDER (IN WHICH CASE THE
EXTENDER WILL GET BILLED). IN SOME AREAS, BOXING MAY BE
ACCOMPLISHED USING AN 800 NUMBER, GENERALLY IN THE
FORMAT OF 800-858-XXXX (MANY AMARILLO NUMBERS) OR 800-NN2-XXXX
(SPECIAL INTRA-STATE CLASS IN-WATS NUMBERS).
HOWEVER, BOXING OFF OF 800 NUMBERS IS IMPOSSIBLE IN MANY AREAS.
IN MY AREA, DENVER, I AM SERVED BY #1A ESS AND IT IS IMPOSSIBLE
FOR ME TO BOX OFF OF ANY 800 NUMBER.
  YEARS AGO, IN THE EARLY DAYS OF BLUE BOXING (BEFORE MY TIME),
PHREAKS OFTEN USED DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE TO BOX OFF
OF BECAUSE THEY WERE "FREE" LONG COMPETETIVE LONG DISTANCE
COMPANIES,
DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE SURCHARGES ARE NOW $0.50 IN MANY AREAS. IT
IS ADDITIONALLY ADVISED THAT DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE NUMBERS NOT BE
USED TO BOX FROM BECAUSE OF THE FOLLOWING:
  AVERAGE DA CALLS LAST UNDER 2 MINUTES. WHEN YOU BOX A CALL,
CHANCES ARE THAT IT WILL LAST CONSIDERABLY LONGER. THUS, THE BELL
BILLING EQUIPMENT WILL MAKE A NOTE OF CALLS TO DIRECTORY
ASSISTANCE THAT LAST A LONG TIME. A CALL TO A DIRECTORY ASSISTANT
LASTING FOR 4 HOURS AND 17 MINUTES MAY APPEAR SOMEWHAT
SUSPICIOUS.
  ALTHOUGH THE DATE, TIME, AND LENGTH OF A DA CALL DO NOT APPEAR
ON THE BILL, IT IS RECORDED ON AMA TAPE AND WILL TRIP A TROUBLE
REPORT IF IT WERE TO LAST TOO LONG. THIS IS HOW MOST
PHREAKS WERE DISCOVERED IN THE OLD DAYS. ALSO, SOMETIMES TOO MANY
CALLS LASTING TOO LONG TO ONE 800 NUMBER MAY RAISE A FEW EYEBROWS
AT THE LOCAL SECURITY OFFICE.
  ASSUMING YOU CAN COMPLETE A BLUE BOX CALL, THE FOLLOWING ARE
LISTED ROUTINGS FOR VARIOUS BELL INTERNAL OPERATORS.
THESE ARE IN THE FORMAT OF KP+NPA+SPECIAL ROUTING+1X1+ST, WHICH I
WILL EXPLAIN LATER.
 THE 1X1 IS THE ACTUAL OPERATOR ROUTING, AND 
NPA AND NPA+SPECIAL ROUTING ARE USED FOR OUT-OF-
AREA CODE CALLS AND OUT-OF-AREA CODE CALLS REQUIRING SPECIAL
ROUTING, RESPECTIVELY.

KP+101+ST ...... TOLL TEST BOARD
KP+121+ST ...... INWARD OP

KP+141+ST ...... WAS RATE & ROUTE. NOW ONLY WORKS IN 
                 312, 815, 717, AND A FEW OTHERS. IT HAS
                 BEEN REPLACED WITH A UNIVERSAL RATE & ROUTE     
            NUMBER, 800+141+1212.
KP+151+ST ...... OVERSEAS COMPLETION OPERATOR (INBOUND). WORKS
                 ONLY IN CERTAIN NPAS, SUCH AS 303.
KP+181+ST ...... IN SOME AREAS, TOLL STATION FOR SMALL TOWNS

Page 11




  THUS, IF YOU SEIZE A TRUNK IN 806 NPA AND WANTED AN INWARD (IN
806), THEN YOU WOULD DIAL KP+121+ST. IF YOU WANTED A 312 INWARD
AND WERE DIALING ON AN 806 TRUNK, AN AREA CODE WOULD BE REQUIRED.
THUS, YOU WOULD DIAL KP+312+121+ST.
   FINALLY, SOME PLACES IN THE NETWORK REQUIRE SPECIAL ROUTING,
IN ADDITION TO AN AREA CODE. AN EXAMPLE IS FRANKLIN PARK, ILL. IT
REQUIRES A SPECIAL ROUTING OF 032. FOR THIS, YOU WOULD
DIAL KP+312+032+121+ST FOR A FRANKLIN PARK INWARD OPERATOR.
  SPECIAL ROUTINGS ARE IN THE FORMAT OF 0XX. THEY ARE USED
PRIMARILY FOR LOAD BALANCE, SO THAT TRAFFIC FLOW
MAY BE EVENLY DISTRIBUTED. ABOUT HALF OF THE EXCHANGES IN THE
NETWORK REQUIRE SPECIAL ROUTING. NOTE THAT SPECIAL ROUTINGS ARE
NEVER EVER EVER USED TO DIAL NORMAL TELEPHONE NUMBERS,
ONLY OPERATORS.

  OPERATOR FUNCTIONS:

TOLL TEST BOARD- GENERALLY A CORDBOARD

THEY ARE NOT USED BY OPERATORS, ONLY SWITCHMEN.

INWARD- ASSISTS THE NORMAL TSPS (0+) OPERATOR IN COMPLETING CALLS
OUT OF THE TSPS'S AREA. ALSO, INWARDS PERFORM EMERGENCY INERRUPTS
WHEN THE NUMBER TO BE INTERRUPTED IS OUT OF THE AREA CODE
OF THE ORIGINAL (TSPS) OPERATOR. FOR EXAMPLE, A 303 OPERATOR HAS
A CUSTOMER THAT NEEDS AN EMERGENCY INTERRUPT ON 215-647-6969. THE
303 OPERATOR GETS THE ROUTING FOR THE INWARD THAT COVERS
215-647, SINCE SHE CANNOT DO THE INTERRUPT HERSELF. THE ROUTING
IS FOUND TO BE ONLY 215+ (NO SPECIAL ROUTING REQUIRED). SO, THE
303 OPERATOR KEYS KP+215+121+ST. AN INWARD ANSWERS
AND THE 303 SAYS TO HER, "INWARD, THIS IS DENVER. I NEED AN
EMERGENCY INTERRUPT ON 215-647-6969. MY CUSTOMER'S NAME IS MARK
TABAS." THE INWARD WILL THEN DO THE INTERRUPT (OFF
THE LINE, OF COURSE). IF THE NUMBER TO BE INTERRUPTED HAD
REQUIRED SPECIAL ROUTING, SUCH AS, SAY, 312-456-1234
(SPEC ROUTING 032), THEN THE 303 OPERATOR WOULD DIAL
KP+312+032+121+ST FOR THE INWARD TO DO THAT INTERRUPT.

DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE- THESE ARE THE NORMAL NPA+555+1212 OPERATORS
THAT ASSIST CUSTOMERS WITH OBTAINING TELEFONE DIRECTORY LISTINGS.
NOT MUCH TOLL-FRAUD POTENTIAL HERE, EXCEPT MAYBE $0.50.

RATE AND ROUTE- THESE OPERATORS ARE REACHED BY DIALING
KP+800+141+1212+ST.

WITH RATES AND ROUTINGS (THUS THE NAME). THE ONLY USES I
TYPICALLY HAVE FOR THEM ARE THE FOLLOWING:

1. ROUTING INFORMATION. IN THE ABOVE EXAMPLE, WHEN THE 303   
Page 12




OPERATOR NEEDED TO DIAL AN INWARD THAT SERVED 215-647,
  SHE NEEDED TO KNOW IF ANY SPECIAL ROUTING WAS REQUIRED AND, IF 
 SO, WHAT IT WAS. ASSUMING SHE WOULD USE RATE AND ROUTE, SHE  
WOULD DIAL THEM AND SAY NICELY, "OPERATOR'S ROUTE, PLEASE, FOR
  215-647." RATE & ROUTE WOULD RESPOND WITH "215 PLUS." THIS  
MEANS THAT THE OPERATOR WOULD DIAL KP+215+121+ST TO REACH THE  
INWARD THAT SERVES 215-647. IF THERE WERE SPECIAL ROUTING  
REQUIRED, SUCH AS IN 312-456, RATE & ROUTE WOULD
  RESPOND WITH "312 PLUS 032 PLUS." IN THAT CASE, THE OPERATOR  
WOULD DIAL KP+312+032+ST FOR THE INWARD THAT SERVES 312-456.
  IT IS GOOD PRACTICE TO ASK FOR "OPERATOR'S ROUTE" SPECIFICALLY,
  AS THERE ARE ALSO "NUMBERS ROUTE" AND "DIRECTORY ROUTES." IF  
YOU DO NOT SPECIFICALLY ASK FOR OPERATOR'S ROUTE, RATE & ROUTE  
WILL GENERALLY ASSUME THAT IS WHAT YOU WANT ANYWAY.
"NUMBERS" ROUTE REFERS TO OVERSEAS CALLS. EXAMPLE, YOU WANT TO
KNOW HOW TO REACH A NUMBER IN GENEVA, SWITZERLAND
(AND YOU ALREADY HAVE THE NUMBER). YOU WOULD CALL ROUTING AND SAY
"NUMBERS ROUTE, PLEASE, GENEVA, SWITZERLAND."
THE OPERATOR WOULD RESPOND WITH:
     "MARK 41+22. 011+041+ST (PLUS) 041+22"
THE "MARK 41+22" HAS TO DO WITH BILLING, SO DISREGARD IT. THE
011+041 BE DISCUSSED IN PART III) AND THE 041+ 22+ IS THE ROUTING
FOR GENEVA FROM THE OVERSEAS SENDER.
  "DIRECTORY" ROUTINGS ARE FOR DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE OVERSEAS.
EXAMPLE:
     YOU WANT A DA IN ROME, ITALY. YOU WOULD CALL RATE & ROUTE
AND SAY, "DIRECTORY ROUTING PLEASE, FOR ROME, ITALY." THEY
WOULD RESPOND WITH "011+039+ST (PLUS) 039+1108 START." AS IN THE
PREVIOUS EXAMPLE, THE 011+039 IS ACCESS TO THE OVERSEAS GATEWAY.
THE 039+1108 IS A DIRECTORY ASSISTANT IN ROME.

2. NAMEPLACE INFORMATION. RATE & ROUTe WILL GIVE YOU THE LOCATION
OF AN NPA+ EXCHANGE. EXAMPLE: "NAMEPLACE PLEASE, FOR 215-648."
THE OPERATOR WOULD RESPOND WITH "PAOLI, PENNSYLVANIA."
THIS ISN'T ESPECIALLY USEFUL, SINCE YOU CAN GET THE SAME
INFORMATION (LEGALLY) BY DIALING 0, BUT USING RATE & ROUTE IS
OFTEN MUCH FASTER AND IT AVOIDS HAVING TO HANG UP WHEN YOU ARE
ALREADY ON A TRUNK.

*NOTE ON RATE & ROUTE: AS A BLUE BOXER, ALWAYS ASK FOR "IOTC"
ROUTINGS. (E.G.,"IOTC OPERATOR'S ROUTE", "IOTC NUMBERS
ROUTE", ETC.) THIS TELLS THEM THAT YOU WANT CORDBOARD-TYPE
ROUTINGS, NOT TSPS, BECAUSE A BLUE BOXER IS ACTUALLY JUST A
CORDBOARD POSITION (THAT BELL DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT).





Page 13




*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
OVERSEAS COMPLETION OPERATOR (INBOUND) THESE OPERATORS
(KP+151+ST) ASSIST IN THE COMPLETION OF CALLS COMING IN TO
THE UNITED STATES FROM OVERSEAS. THERE NPAS IN THE COUNTRY
(NAMELY 303). TO USE ONE, YOU WOULD SEIZE A TRUNK AND
DIAL KP+303+151+ST. THEN YOU WOULD TELL THE OPERATOR, FOR
EXAMPLE, "THIS IS BANGLADESH CALLING. I NEED U.S.
NUMBER 215-561-0562 PLEASE." [IN A BROKEN INDIAN ACCENT]. SHE
WOULD CONNECT YOU, AND THE BILL WOULD BE SENT TO BANGLADESH
(WHERE I'VE BEEN BILLING MY KP+151+ST CALLS FOR TWO
YEARS).
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

OTHER INTERNAL BELL OPERATORS.

KP+11501+ST ...... UNIVERSAL OPERATOR
KP+11511+ST ...... CONFERENCE OP
KP+11521+ST ...... MOBILE OP
KP+11531+ST ...... MARINE OP
KP+11541+ST ...... LONG DISTANCE TERMINAL
KP+11551+ST ...... TIME & CHARGES OP
KP+11561+ST ...... HOTEL/MOTEL OP
KP+11571+ST ...... OVERSEAS (OUTBOUND) OP

  THESE 115X1 OPERATORS ARE IDENTICAL IN ROUTING TO THE 1X1
OPERATORS LISTED PREVIOUSLY, WITH ONE EXCEPTION. IF
SPECIAL ROUTING IS REQUIRED (0XX), THEN THE TRAILING 1 IS LEFT
OFF.

EXAMPLES:

A 312 UNIVERSAL OP ... KP+312+11501+ST A FRANKLIN PARK (312-456)
UNIVERSAL OP (SPECIAL ROUTING 032 REQUIRED)....KP+312+032+1150+ST
[THE TRAILING 1 OF 11501 IS LEFT OFF].



UNIVERSAL- USED FOR COLLECT/CALLBACK CALLS TO COIN STATIONS.

CONFERENCE- THIS IS A CORDBOARD CONFERENCE OPERATOR WHO WILL SET
UP A CONFERENCE FOR A CUSTOMER ON A MANUAL OPERATION BASIS.

MOBILE- ASSISTS IN COMPLETION OF CALLS TO MOBILE (IMTS) TYPE
TELEFONES MARINE- ASSISTS IN COMPLETION OF CALLS TO OCEAN GOING
VESSELS.

LONG DISTANCE TERMINAL- NOW OBSOLETE. WAS USED FOR COMPLETION OF
LONG DISTANCE CALLS.

Page 14











TIME & CHARGES- WILL GIVE EXACT COSTS OF CALLS. USED TO TIME
CALLS AND INFORM CUSTOMER OF EXACTLY HOW MUCH IT COST.

HOTEL/MOTEL- HANDLES CALLS TO/FROM HOTELS AND MOTELS.

OVERSEAS COMPLETION (OUTBOUND)- ASSISTS IN COMPLETION OF CALLS TO
OVERSEAS POINTS. ONLY WORKS IN SOME, IF ANY NPAS, BECAUSE
OVERSEAS ASSISTANCE HAS BEEN CENTRAIZED TO IOCC (COVERED IN
PART III).

  NOTE THAT ALL KP+1X1+ST AND KP+115X1+ST OPERATORS AUTOMATICALLY
ASSUME THAT YOU ARE A TSPS OR CORDBOARD OPERATOR ASSISTING A
CUSTOMER WITH A CALL. DO NOT DO ANYTHING TO JEOPARDIZE

**DON'T CALL THESE OPERATORS! FIND OUT WHAT TO DO FIRST.**

  THIS CONCLUDES PART II. THERE IS ONE FINAL PART IN WHICH I WILL
EXPLAIN OVERSEAS DIALING, IOCC (INTERNATIONAL OVERSEAS COMPLETION
CENTRE), RQS (RATE/QUOTE SYSTEM), AND SOME BASIC SCANNING.

.......................................
(C) FEBRUARY 6, 1900         MARK TABAS
.......................................

--- The World of Cryton (UK)--- +44 4 584 7608

















Page 15


| 17-JUN-1987 Blue box plans, part III

THE MARK TABAS ENCOUNTER SERIES
PRESENTS...

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
     BETTER HOMES AND BLUE BOXING
              PART III
         ADVANCED SIGNALLING
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

(IT IS ASSUMED THAT THE READER HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD PARTS I &
II BEFORE PROCEEDING TO THIS PART).

  IN PARTS I & II, I COVERED BASIC THEORY AND DOMESTIC SINGALLING
AND OPERATORS. IN THIS PART I WILL EXPLAIN OVERSEAS DIRECT
BOXING, THE IOCC, THE RQS, AND SOME BASIC SCANNING METHODS.

OVERSEAS DIRECT BOXING.

  CALLING OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA IS ACCOMPLISHED
BY USING AN "OVERSEAS GATEWAY." THERE ARE 7 OVER-
SEAS GATEWAYS IN THE BELL SYSTEM, AND EACH ONE IS DESIGNATED TO
SERVE A CERTAIN REGION OF THE WORLD. TO INITIATE AN OVERSEAS
CALL, ONE MUST FIRST ACCESS THE GATEWAY THAT THE CALL
IS TO BE SENT ON. TO DO THIS AUTOMATICALLY, DECIDE WHICH COUNTRY
YOU ARE CALLING AND FIND ITS COUNTRY CODE.
THEN, PAD IT TO THE LEFT WITH ZEROS AS REQUIRED SO IT IS THREE
DIGITS. [ADD EXAMPLES:

LUXEMBOURG (352) IS 352 (STAYS THE SAME)
SPAIN (34)   BECOMES 034 (1 ZERO ADDED)
U.S.S.R. (7) BECOMES 007 (2 ZEROS ADDED)

  NEXT, SEIZE A TRUNK AND DIAL KP+011+CC+ST. NOTE THAT CC IS THE
THREE DIGIT PADDED COUNTRY CODE THAT YOU JUST DETERMINED BY THE
ABOVE METHOD. [FOR LUXEMBOURG, DIAL KP+011+352+ST, SPAIN
KP+011+034+ST, AND THE U.S.S.R. KP+011+007+ST]. THIS IS DONE TO
ROUTE YOU TO THE APPROPRIATE OVERSEAS GATEWAY THAT
HANDLES THE COUNTRY YOU ARE DIALING. EVEN THOUGH EVERY GATEWAY
WILL ALLOW YOU TO DIAL EVERY DIALABLE COUNTRY, IT
IS GOOD PRACTICE TO USE THE GATEWAY THAT IS DESIGNATED FOR THE
COUNTRY YOU ARE CALLING.
  AFTER DIALING KP+011+CC+ST (AS CC IS DEFINED ABOVE) YOU SHOULD
BE CONNECTED TO AN OVERSEAS GATEWAY. IT WILL ACKNOWLEDGE BY
SENDING A WINK, WHICH IS AUDIBLE AS A <BEEP><KERCHINK> AND A
DIAL TONE. ONCE YOU RECEIVE INTERNATIONAL DIAL TONE, YOU MAY
ROUTE YOUR CALL ONE OF TWO WAYS:
 A) AS AN OPERATOR-ORIGINATED CALL, 
OR
 B) AS A CUSTOMER-ORIGINATED CALL. TO GO AS A CUSTOMER-ORIGINATED
Page 16




CALL, KEY KP+COUNTRY CODE (NOT PADDED WITH ZEROS)+ CITY CODE+
NUMBER+ST. YOU WILL THEN BE CONNECTED, PROVIDING THE COUNTRY YOU
ARE CALLING CAN RECEIVE DIRECT-DIALED CALLS. THE U.S.S.R. IS AN
EXAMPLE OF EXAMPLE OF A BOXED INT'L CALL:

TO MAKE A CALL TO THE POPE (ROME, ITALY), FIRST OBTAIN THE
COUNTRY CODE, WHICH IS 39. PAD IT WITH ZEROS SO THAT
IT IS 039. SEIZE A TRUNK AND DIAL KP+011+039+ST. WAIT FOR SENDER
DIAL TONE AND THEN DIAL KP+39+6+6982+ST. 39 IS THE COUNTRY CODE,
6 IS THE CITY CODE, AND 6982 IS THE POPE'S NUMBER IN ROME.

TO GO AS AN OPERATOR-ORIGINATED CALL, SIMPLY PLACE A ZERO IN
FRONT OF THE COUNTRY CODE WHEN DIALING ON THE GATEWAY. THUS,
KP+0+39+6+6982+ST WOULD BE DIALED AT SENDER DIAL TONE. ROUTING
YOUR CALL AS OPERATOR-ORIGINATED DOES NOT AFFECT MUCH UNLESS YOU
ARE DIALING AN OPERATOR IN A FOREIGN COUNTRY
  TO DIAL AN OPERATOR IN A FOREIGN COUNTRY, YOU MUST FIRST OBTAIN
THE OPERATOR ROUTING FROM RATE & ROUTE FOR THAT COUNTRY. DIAL
RATE & ROUTE AND IF YOU'RE TRYING TO GET AN OPERATOR IN
YUGOSLAVIA, SAY NICELY, "IOTC OPERATOR'S ROUTE, PLEASE, FOR
YUGOSLAVIA." [IN LARGER COUNTRIES IT MAY BE NECESSARY TO SPECIFY
A CITY]. RATE & ROUTE WILL RESPOND WITH, "38 PLUS 11029". SO,
DIAL YOUR OVERSEAS GATEWAY, KP+011+038+ST, WAIT FOR
SENDER DIAL TONE, AND KEY KP+0+38+11029+ST. YOU SHOULD THEN GET
AN OPERATOR IN YUGOSLAVIA. NOTE THAT YOU MUST PREFIX THE COUNTRY
CODE ON THE SENDER WITH A 0 BECAUSE PRESUMABLY ONLY AN OPERATOR
HERE CAN DIAL AN OPERATOR IN A FOREIGN COUNTRY.
  WHEN YOU DIAL KP+011+CC+ST FOR A 3-DIGIT SENDER CODE OF THE
FORMAT 18X, DEPENDING ON WHICH SENDER IS DESIGNATED TO HANDLE THE
COUNTRY YOU ARE DIALING. THE OVERSEAS GATEWAYS AND
THEIR 3-DIGIT CODES ARE LISTED BELOW.

  182 ..... WHITE PLAINS, NY
  183 ..... NEW YORK, NY
  184 ..... PITTSBURG, PA
  185 ..... ORLANDO, FL
  186 ..... OAKLAND, CA
  187 ..... DENVER, CO
  188 ..... NEW YORK, NY

  DIALING KP+182+ST WOULD GET YOU THE SENDER IN WHITE PLAINS, AND
KP+183+ST WOULD GET THE SENDER IN NYC, ETC., BUT THE KP+011+CC+ST
IS HIGHLY SUGGESTED (AS PREVIOUSLY MENTIONED). TO FIND OUT
WHAT SENDER YOU WERE ROUTED TO AFTER DIALING KP+011+CC+ST, DIAL
(AT INT'L DIAL TONE): KP+0000000+ST.
  IF YOU HAVE DIFFICULTY IN REACHING A SENDER, CALL RATE AND
ROUTE AND ASK FOR A NUMBERS ROUTE FOR THE COUNTRY
YOU'RE DIALING. SOMETIMES, KP+011+PADDED COUNTRY CODE+ST WILL NOT
WORK.
Page 17




I HAVE FOUND THIS IN MANY 3-DIGIT COUNTRY CODES. LEXEMBOURG,
COUNTRY CODE 352, FOR EXAMPLE, SHOULD BE KP+011+352+ST
THEORETICALLY. BUT IT IS NOT. IN THIS CASE, DIAL KP+011+
003+ST FOR THE OVERSEAS GATEWAY. IF YOU HAVE TROUBLE, TRY DIALING
KP+011+FIRST DIGIT OF COUNTRY CODE+ST, OR CALL RATE AND ROUTE.

THE IOCC 
ROUTE AND ASK FOR AN "IOTC NUMBERS ROUTE" OR "IOTC OPERATORS
ROUTE" FOR A FOREIGN COUNTRY, YOU WILL GET SOMETHING LIKE
"160+700" (AS IN THE CASE OF THE SOVIET UNION). THIS MEANS
THAT THE COUNTRY IS NOT DIALABLE DIRECTLY AND MUST BE HANDLED
THROUGH THE INTERNATIONAL OVERSEAS COMPLETION CENTRE (IOCC). FOR
AN IOCC ROUTING, PAD THE COUNTRY CODE TO THE RIGHT WITH
ZEROS UNTIL IT IS 3 DIGITS. THEN KP+160 IS DIALED, PLUS THE
PADDED COUNTRY CODE, PLUS ST.

EXAMPLES:

THE U.S.S.R. (7) ...... KP+160+700+ST
JAPAN (81) ............ KP+160+810+ST
URAGUAY (598) ......... KP+160+598+ST

  YOU WILL THEN BE ROUTED TO THE IOCC IN PITTSBURG, PA, WHO WILL
ASK FOR COUNTRY, CITY, AND NUMBER BEING DIALED.
MANY TIMES THEY WILL ASK FOR A RINGBACK [THANKS TO TELENET BOB]
SO HAVE A LOOP READY. THEY WILL THEN PLACE THE CALL AND CALL YOU
BACK (OR SOMETIMES PUT YOU THROUGH DIRECTLY). SOME CALLS, SUCH
AS TO MOSCOW, TAKE SEVERAL HOURS.

THE RATE QUOTE SYSTEM (RQS).

  THE RQS IS THE OPERATOR'S RATE/QUOTE SYSTEM. IT IS A COMPUTER
USED BY TSPS (0+) OPERATORS TO GET RATE AND ROUTE
INFORMATION WITHOUT HAVING TO DIAL THE RATE AND ROUTE OPERATOR.
IN PART II, I DISCUSSED GETTING AN INWARD ROUTING
FOR DIALING-ASSISTANCE AND EMERGENCY

OPERATORS (KP+800+141+1212+ST). THE SAME INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE
FROM RQS. SAY YOU WANT THE INWARD ROUTING FOR 305-994. YOU WOULD
SIEZE A TRUNK AND DIAL KP+009+ST (TO ACCESS THE RQS).
SOMETIMES, IF YOU SEIZE A TRUNK IN AN NPA NOT EQUIPPED WITH RQS,
YOU NEED TO DIAL AN NPA THAT IS EQUIPPED WITH RQS FIRST, SUCH AS
303. ANYWAY, AFTER YOU DIAL KP+009+ST OR KP+303+009+ST, YOU
WILL RECEIVE A WINK (<BEEP><KERCHINK>) AND THEN RQS DIAL TONE. AT
RQS DIAL TONE, FOR AN INWARD ROUTING FOR 305-994 YOU WOULD DIAL
KP+06+305+994+ST. THAT IS, KP+06+NPA+EXCHANGE+ST. RQS WILL
RESPOND WITH "305 PLUS 033 PLUS". THIS MEANS YOU WOULD DIAL
KP+305+033+121+ST FOR AN INWARD THAT SERVICES 305-994.
IF NO SPECIAL ROUTING WERE REQUIRED, RQS WOULD HAVE RESPONDED
Page 18




WITH "305 PLUS" AND YOU WOULD SIMPLY DIAL:
     KP+305+121+ST FOR AN INWARD.
  ANOTHER RQS FEATURE IS THE ECHO FEATURE. YOU CAN USE IT TO TEST
YOUR BLUE BOX. DIAL RQS (KP+009+ST) AND THEN KEY
KP+07+1234567890+ST. RQS WILL RESPOND WITH VOICE IDENTIFICATION
OF THE DIGITS IT RECOGNIZED, BETWEEN THE KP+07 AND ST.
  RQS CAN ALSO BE USED FOR RATES AND DIRECTORY ROUTINGS, BUT
THOSE ARE SELDOM NEEDED, SO THEY HAVE BEEN OMITTED HERE.

SIMPLE SCANNING.

  IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN SCANNING, TRY DIALING ON A TRUNK,
ROUTINGS IN THE FORMAT OF KP+11XX1+ST. BEGIN WITH 11001
INTERESTING THINGS TO BE FOUND THERE, AS DOCTOR WHO (413 AREA)
CAN TELL YOU. THOSE 11XX1 ROUTINGS CAN ALSO BE
PREFIXED WITH AN NPA, SO IF YOU WANT TO SCAN AREA CODE 212, DIAL
KP+212+11XX1+ST.

  THERE, NOW YOU KNOW AS MUCH ABOUT BLUE BOXING AS MOST PHREAKS.
IF YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND THE MATERIAL, AND PUT ASIDE
PRECONCEIVED IDEAS OF WHAT BLUE BOXING IS THAT YOU MAY HAVE
ACQUIRED FROM INEXPERIENCED PEOPLE OR OTHER BULLETIN BOARDS, YOU
SHOULD BE WELL ON YOU WAY TO AN ENLIGHTENING CAREER IN BLUE
BOXING. IF YOU FOLLOW THE GUIDELINES IN PART I TO BOX, YOU
SHOULD HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THE FONE COMPANY. COMMENTS MADE BY
"PHREAKS" ON BULLETIN BOARDS THAT PROCLAIM "TRACING"
OF BLUE BOXERS ARE NONSENSE AND SHOULD BE IGNORED (EXCEPT FOR A
PASSING CHUCKLE).

NOTE 1: CCIS AND THE DOWNFALL OF BLUE BOXING.

CCIS STANDS FOR COMMON CHANNEL INTEROFFICE SIGNALLING. IT IS A
SIGNALLING METHOD USED BETWEEN ELECTRONIC SWITCHING SYSTEMS THAT
ELIMINATES THE USE OF 2600HZ AND 3700HZ SUPERVISORY SIGNALS, AND
MF PULSING. THIS IS WHY MANY PLACES CANNOT BE BOXED OFF OF;
THEY EMPLOY CCIS, OR OUT-OF-BAND SIGNALLING, WHICH WILL NOT
RESPOND TO ANY TONES THAT YOU GENERATE ON THE
LINE. EVENTUALLY, ALL EXISTING TOLL  EQUIPMENT WILL BE UPGRADED
OR REPLACED WE'LL ALL BE BOXING WITH MICROWAVE
DISHES. UNTIL THEN (ABOUT 1995 BY CURRENT BOC/AT&T ESTIMATES),
HAVE FUN!

IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS TEXT, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
DROP ME A LINE. I WILL RESPOND TO ALL MAIL, MESSAGES, ETC.
INSULTS ARE ALSO WELCOMED. AND IF YOU DISCOVER ANYTHING
INTERESTING SCANNING, BE SURE TO LET ME KNOW.

                  MARK TABAS
                    $LOD$
Page 19








THIS TEXT WAS PREPARED IN FULL BY MARK TABAS FOR:

K.A.O.S.
PHILADELPHIA, PA.
[215-465-3593].

ANY SYSOP MAY FREELY DOWNLOAD THIS TEXT AND USE IT ON HIS/HER
BBS, PROVIDED THAT NONE OF IT BE ALTERED IN ANY WAY.

TECHNICAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:

KARL MARX, X-MAN, HIGH-RISE JOE, TELENET BOB, LEX LUTHOR, TUC,
JOHN DOE, DOCTOR WHO (413 AREA), THE TONE SWEEP, MR. SILICON,
K00L KAT, THE GLUMP.

REFERENCES:

1. NOTES ON THE BOC INTRA-LATA NETWORKS
   BELL SYSTEM PUBLICATION, 1983.
2. NOTES ON THE NETWORK
   BELL SYSTEM PUBLICATION, 1983.
3. BELL SYSTEM
   BELL SYSTEM PUBLICATION, 1983.
4. NOTES ON DISTANCE DIALING
   BELL SYSTEM PUBLICATION, 1968.
5. EARLY MEDIEVAL ARCHITECTURE.
   WARREN & CATHY BILL, HOUGHTON-
   PUBLISHING CO., 1979.

.......................................
(C) FEBRUARY 6, 1900         MARK TABAS
.......................................

CALL 1-305-994-996
[KELLEY IS A BLOND BABE]
[   I agree with you   ]

--- The World of Cryton (UK) --- +44 4 584 7608







Page 20

 
 
 
 
Red Boxing With Whistles by THE RESEARCHER.

  This article is presented as a news item only. It is not to be
taken as an encouragement to make fraudulent telephone calls.   
Red boxing consists of simulating the tones produced when coins
are deposited in a pay phone.

 
Coin tones are beeps of 2200 Hz + 1700 Hz as follows:

   5 cents - 1 beep,66 milliseconds duration.

  10 cents - 2 beeps, each 66 milliseconds duration with 66      
                     millisecond pause between beeps.  
  25 cents - 5 beeps, each 33 milliseconds duration with a 33    
                       millisecond pause between beeps.

  Two methods have commonly been used by phone phreaks to produce
these tones and make free calls.

  1. The traditional Red Box consisting of a pair of Wien-bridge
oscillators with the timing controlled by 555 timer chips.

  2. Producing the signals with a computer which are recorded and
then played back into the mouth piece of a pay
phone.

  A third method has recently appeared which is a real mind
blower.  A phreak in the Midwest has extensively tested
a method of red boxing which uses nothing more than a pair of
brass or aluminum whistles.  The whistles are 1/4 inch
in diameter by 4 inches long and are tuned by means of a wooden
dowel rod which fits snugly inside. The whistles can be brought
precisely on frequency by tuning them against a known signal
source such as a computer capable of producing the tones. Once
tuned, the whistles are glued or taped together so they can be
blown together to produce the dual tone used in coin signaling.
It has been tested and proven that with a little practice these
whistles can be used to make free calls.  Now you can blow your
money without spending a cent.



  Please note these whistles are available (for test purposes
only) from P-80 for $35.

  Send orders to P-80 3310 5th Avenue.

Page 21



                                                                
DD
      %*%*%*%*%*%*%*%*%*%     __________________________        
      *                 *\   /                          \      
      % HACKER'S  ATLAS % \  \File dropped from all CAPS/\  
      *                 * I  /   to the more readable   \ \ 
      %*%*%*%*%*%*%*%*%*% I  \  state of lower case by  /\/      
      *                 *\I  /    -=+ DarkStorm +=-     \ \      
      %  RAGON/WYV/BOF  % \  \__________________________/\/      
      *        LTD      * I  /                          \ \      
      %  PRESENTATION!  % I  \ Also moved to 80 columns /\/      
      *                 * I  /as opposed to its original\ \      
      %*%*%*%*%*%*%*%*%*% i  \ 40 column screen waster  /\/      
      \                  \I  /    Sorry C-64 users!     \ \      
  WRITTEN BY : THE WYVERN    \__________________________/\/      
                              \                         \ \ 
HOLLOW HILLS...[805]/682-5148  \_________________________\/

#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#

Now into the subject of Hacking , This file should give all of
you people out there who are bored and have nothing to do,
something to do...If it doesn't then I guess it doesn't. Look for
issue 2 which iscoming soon to a BBS near you.

                                                                
How 'Bout some International Numbers?

Queen Elizabeth loves to talk to computer hackers and can usually
bereached at 011-441-930-482...

SOME OTHER MISC ONES :

LONDON RADIO 44-1-246-8035
DIALING INSTRUCTIONS 44-1-246-8017
CIVIL EMERGENCIES 44-1-246-8088

A fun thing to do it....Sometimes when you are calling a friend,
Boardor whatever, you will get a cross line. (Usually LD) Where
you canhear some other losers talking, well it's pretty fun to
listen intotheir conversations...I have heard some very
interesting ones... If youare lucky they will be ableto sorta
hear you, and that's when you dostuff like "This is an emergency
interuption, please hang up imediatelyand prepare for an
emergency call" or start cursing themor anything you
want to do!
So anyway for all you DIAL-A-"NUTS" out there you might as well
pick upsome new interests and call


Page 22



 DIAL-A-FAG 415-685-6790
 DIAL-A-TEENAGER 714-346-7673
 DIAL-A-ATHEIST 213-254-4914
 DIAL-A-IDIOT   212-934-9090
 {For those who like 800's, try 1-800-HOT-FUCK}
 {It's some fag-line, call up on his bill and have some gay
bashing orsomething. or be a fag for the day and when prompted
for you FuckNumber, tell him its 69 or something kinky.}
 {Tell everyone to call this guy, it's free, and he needs to be
insultedfor his fag dude-ing}

Maybe yout the kind that likes to listen to recordings? Well then
howabout calling 512-472-9941 and listening to the "insert 25
cent"recording a couple hundred times?

Here are some carrier numbers in 805

683-3831
    3832
    3833
    3834
    3835

As far as I know they all belong to a corp. called Signal Tech.,
the first one is at least. Hit Return a few times and there you
are, hackingtime.

Sheesh? Still bored Eh? Well why not go ahead and get on a 6 way
conference call?!@@#!
Get on from 7-9pm (EASTERN STAND.)
301-736-3070....

OPERATOR TRUNK [LR*2II)X]

(TRY THESE IN THAT TRUNK!)

CONFERENCE OPERATOR  XXX+11511
COIN REFUND OPERATOR XXX+181

Naw, your the 800 extender type Eh? Well get out your program and
hackthese babys:

1-800-22-1950
NONONONO THE ABOVE IS SHIT LETS TRY
TO START AGAIN :

1-800-221-1950
          8190
          5670
          5430
Page 23

 
          5665
      223-7854
      243-7854
      255-2255
      327-0005
          0326
          2703
          6713
          9136
          9895
      547-6754
      237-2618 (CODE : 115342 MAY WORK)

Well I'm not sure which number it is but it's one of these two:

1-805-965-3608
          6308

Anyways thats some State Farm Insurance recording machine, and as
far asI know your phone buttons 0-9 will do stuff like:
                              
     REWIND,   FAST FORWARD,    READ,   LEAVE
      MSGS,       ETC,
    I'll have more info on it in the next atlas!

EXTENDERS....322-1415, 255-2255
NEWSNET......215-668-2645
(If you need passes for newsnet I understand a guy on Sherwood///
 (914-352-6543) By the name of PRINCE  TANA (sp?) has them...

XEROX COMPUTING 312-922-4601
ON:XC56TS
PW:[HIT RETURN]

800-621-3026    SPECIAL OPERATOR
205-235-6205    ARMY POST
713-241-6421    SHELL OIL
800-323-7751    MCI MAIL
800-233-3312
800-223-2283    CITY BANKS
800-223-3450    WUI SAFE

Say guys here are some beauty give aways for you:

                                                                

WARNER 228-3333 (PWS ON KNOWN (AWW))

ACCURAY (K00L SYSTEM)
261-2140
ENTER
Page 24


GAMES




???????
436-9687
6/24
JOHN12

OHIO STATE
LIBRARY...
(LOGON IN HALF DUP.)
422-5025
(MORE ON USING THIS IN NEXT ATLAS)

All of the above are in the 614 area code. In the next atlas the
numberfor Wendy's computer!   <---Wendy's the Restaurant!?!?!

MISC. 614-481 EXCHANGE :

                                                                

8049
8194
8754
8764
8771

(ALL ABOVE WITH CARRIER)

TRAVELNET : 800-521-8400 (VOICE 800 EXTENDER)

[) Hey guys! These guys love you:

   THE PENTAGON......202-694-0814
   WATERGATE.........202-965-2900
   WHITE HOUSE.......202-456-1414

Here are some presses for you to call:

RONNIE'S PRESS 800-424-9009 (?)
WHITE HOUSE "  800-248-0151

Here are some real nice ones:

                                                                
213 AREA CODE

974-6624    DEATH RECORDS INFO
    6621    BIRTH REOCRDS INFO
Page 25




*** MORE MISC. NUMBERS ***

LOWELL U....617-459-0159
RECORD A VOICE....800-858-9313

*** A FEW EXTENDERS ***

1-800-547-1784
      323-8126
      521-8000
      743-7481

Well if you still want more! or your still bored...Wait for Atlas
#2, or call   ---- HOLLOW HILLS at 805-682-5148--------

THE WYVERN...> WYVERN/RAGON/BOF LTD.
#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#^#
---------------------------------------
                                                                






























Page 26


----Modem Noise Killer (alpha version)----

With this circuit diagram, some basic tools including a soldering
iron, and four or five components from Radio Shack, you should be
able to cut the noise/garbage that appears on your computer's
screen.

I started this project out of frustration at using a US Robotics
2400 baud modem and getting a fare amount of junk when connecting
at that speed. Knowing that capacitors make good noise filters, I
threw this together.

This is very easy to build, however conditions may be different
due to modem type, amount of line noise, old or new switching
equipment (Bell's equipment), and on and on. So it may not work
as well for you in every case. If it does work, or if you've
managed to tweek it to your computer/modem setup I' d like
to hear from you.

I'd also appreciate any of you electronic wizzards out there
wanting to offer any improvements. Let's make this work for
everyone!

Please read this entire message and see if you understand it
before you begin. 

OK, what you' ll need from Radio Shack:

1 #279-374 Modular line cord if you don't already have one. You
won't need one if your phone has a modular plug in its base.     
                 $4.95

1 #279-420 Modular surface mount jack (4 or 6 conductor) $4.49

1 #271-1720 Potentiometer. This is a 5k audio taper variable
resistor.             $1.09

1 #272-1055 Capacitor. Any non-polarized 1.0 to 1.5 uf cap should
do. Paper, Mylar, or metal film caps should be used, although
#272-996 may work as well. (272-996 is a non-polarized
electrolytic cap)      $.79

1 100 ohm resistor - quarter or half watt. $.19

1 #279-357 Y-type or duplex modular connector. Don't buy this
until you've read the section on connecting the Noise Killer
below. (A, B,or C)     $4.95

First off, open the modular block. You normally just pry them
open with a screwdriver. Inside you'll find up to 6 wires. Very
carefully cut out all but the green and red wires. The ones
Page 27




you'll be removing should be black, yellow, white, and blue.
These wires won't be needed and may be in the way. So cut them
as close to where they enter the plug as possible. The other end
of these wires have a spade lug connector that is screwed into
the plastic. Unscrew and remove that end of the wires as well.
Now, you should have two wires left. Green and red. Solder one
end of the capacitor to the green wire. Solder the other end of
the capacitor to the center lug of the potentiometer (there are
three lugs on this critter). Solder one end of the resistor to
the red wire. You may want to shorten the leads of the resistor
first. Solder the other end of the resistor to either one of the
remaining outside lugs of the potentiometer. Doesn't matter
which. Now to wrap it up, make a hole in the lid of the mod block
to stick the shaft of the potentiometer through. Don't make this
hole dead center as the other parts may not fit into the body of
the mod block if you do. See how things will fit in order to find
where the hole will go. Well, now that you've got it built you'll
need to test it. First twist the shaft on the potentiometer until
it stops. You won't know which way to turn it until later.
It doesn't matter which way now. You also need to determine where
to plug the Noise Killer onto the telephone line. It can be done
by one of several ways:

A. If your modem has two modular plugs in back, connect the Noise
Killer into one of them using a line cord. (a line cord is a
straight cord that connects a phone to the wall outlet. Usually
silver in color)

B. If your phone is modular, you can unplug the cord from the
back of it after you're on-line and plug the cord into the Noise
Killer.

C. You may have to buy a Y-type modular adaptor. Plug the adaptor
into a wall outlet, plug the modem into one side and the Noise
Killer into the other. Call a BBS that has known noise problems.
After you've connected and garbage begins to appear, plug the
Noise Killer into the phone line as described above. If you
have turned the shaft on the potentiometer the wrong way you'll
find out now. You may get a lot of garbage or even disconnected.
If this happens, turn the shaft the other way until it stops and
try again. If you don't notice much difference when you plug the
Noise Killer in, that may be a good sign. Type in a few commands
and look for garbage characters on the screen. If there still
is, turn the shaft slowly until most of it is gone. If nothing
seems to happen at all, turn the shaft slowly from one side to
the other. You should get plenty of garbage or disconnected at
some point. If you don't, reread this message to make sure you've
connected it right.

Page 28






***END OF ORIGNAL FILE***

ADDITION TO ORIGNAL FILE - 2/29/88 - Mike McCauley - CIS
71505,1173

First, a personal recomendation. _THIS WORKS!!!_  I have been
plagued with noise at 2400 for some time. I went round and round
with Ma Bell on it, and after they sent out several "repair
persons" who were, to be kind, of limited help in the matter, I
threw in the towel. I saw this file on a board up east
a few days ago, and thought I'd bite. Threw the gismo together in
about 10 minutes, took another five to adjust the pot for best
results on my worst conection, and guess what? No more worst
connecion! A few pointers:

1) The pot need not be either 5K or audio taper. I used a 10K 15
turn trim pot.   Suggest you use what is handy.
2) I used 2MFD's of capacitance (two 1MFD's in parallel) Two R.S.
p/n 272-1055 work fine. Remember that about 90 Volts will appear
across red & green at ring, so the caps should be rated at
100VDC+.
3) I ended up with a final series resistance value (100 ohm +
pot) of 2.75K. I speculate that one could probably use 2MFD and a
fixed 2.7K resistor and do the job 90% of the time. The
adjustment of the pot is not very critical.
   Changes of +/- 1K made little difference in the performance of
the circuit.

Hope it works as well for you as it did for me.

Mike McCauley
















Page 29






| 17-JUN-1987 Neon box plans

--------------------------------------
             THE NEON BOX                 ANTI-LINENOISE
--------------------------------------
 
A NEON BOX IS A VERY SIMPLE ADJUSTMENT TO YOUR FONE, THAT WILL
ALLOW A VERY CLEAR PASSAGE FROM YOUR COMPUTER TONES
TO YOUR FONE.  IT ALSO WORKS GREAT FOR RECORDING TONES, SEX FONE,
OR ANYTHING ELSE YOU WANT TO RECORD OFF OF YOUR FONE.
 
             TOOLS:
             ------
THIS MODIFICATION IS VERY SIMPLE, AND CAN BE USED ON MOST FONES,
THOUGH IT IS MORE DIFFICULT ON ONE-PIECE UNITS. ALL YOU NEED IS
AN OLD PAIR OF HEADFONES, OR SIMILAR, A FILIPS SCREWDRIVER, A
SOLDERING IRON AND SOME SOLDER.
 
            INSTRUCTIONS
            ------------
OPEN YOUR FONE WITH THE SCREWDRIVER. WHEN OPENED, LOOK FOR THE
RED AND BLACK WIRES THAT LEAD TO THE MOUTHPIECE. (IF YOU'RE NOT
SURE WHICH WIRES LEAD TO THE MOUTHPIECE, OPEN UP THE MOUTHPIECE
AND FIND THE SAME COLOR WIRES ON THE BASE. FOR ONE-PIECE
UNITS, JUST LOCATE THE MOUTHPIECE).
 
WHEN YOU HAVE FOUND THE MOUTHPIECE, OR WIRES, CUT THE EARD OF THE
HEADFONES OFF, AND ONE WIRE (THE ONE THAT LEADS TO THE RIGHT
EAR). STRIP THE LEFT WIRE SO ABOUT AN EIGHTH INCH IS SHOWING.
KEEP THE OTHER SIDE IN TACT.
 
THEN ON THE RED WIRE, SOLDER THE WIRE THAT IS SEPARATLY SEALED
FROM THE OTHER ONE. ON THE BLACK WIRE (THESE ARE THE ENDS OF THE
WIRE ON THE CIRCUIT BOARD) SOLDER THE WAIRE WRAPPED AROUND THE
OTHER WIRE.  THEN SOLDER A HOLE FOR THE WIRE. YOU HAVE NOW MADE
A NEON BOX.
 
 
--- The World of Cryton (UK)--- +44 4 584 7608








Page 30



| 17-JUN-1987 White box plans (u/l by Agrajag the prolonged)

           White Box Plans         --- MULTIPLE TONE 
  (Uploaded by Agrajag the Prolonged)         GENERATOR----

This article will tell you how to change a normal touch tone
keypad and convert it to a portable unit. In addition, we
give the touch-tone frequencies.

First of all, the tones made by a touch tone telephone are not
single tones, they are a combination of two tones, making "DTMF"
(dual tone multi-frequency). The normal tone telephone dials 12
different signals, but is capable of dialing 16 different signals
(see bulletin on silver boxes).

The power required by a keypad is about 25 volts, but they will
work with as little as 15, thereby allowing the use of two 9-
volt radio batteries.  As you may have guessed, they are also
designed to operate with a telephone type speaker (and phone
line), and not the standard 8-ohm speaker which needs to be used
for adequate volume.  To accompolish this, we use a matching
transformer, this is one of those miniature ones available at
Radio Shack.  Enough of the theory, now for the circuit.

You will need:

A touch tone keypad
A miniature 1000 to 8 ohm transformer (Radio Shack # 273-1380)
A standard 8-ohm speaker
Two 9-volt radio batteries
Two 9-volt battery clips
A case to put it all in (optional)

A few construction notes, I suggest that you solder and tape all
connections.  It is also important to read this entire bulletin
before attempting to construct this.

First, connect the RED wire of the transformer to either
terminal on the speaker.  Now connect the WHITE wire from the
transformer to the other terminal on the speaker.  Next, connect
the RED (positive) wire of one battery clip to the black wire of
the other battery clip.  Now connect the the remaining RED wire
on the second battery clip to the GREEN wire from the touch tone
pad.  Connect the BLUE wire from the touch tone pad to the
ORANGE-and-BLACK striped wire from the touch tone pad.  To these
two wires, now connect the remaining black lead from first
battery clip.  You have now finished the power connection to the
keypad.  Connect the BLACK wire from the keypad to the BLUE wire
on the transformer.  Next connect the RED-and-GREEN striped wire

Page 31





from the keypad to the GREEN wire on the transformer.  The BLACK
wire on the transformer should not be connected to anything,
along with quite a few wires from the keypad.  The connection of
the keypad is now complete.  All you have to do is connect two
nine volt batteries to the battery clips, and you'll be ready to
go. You may want to mount it in a case for easy portability.
Note that the silver box modification CAN be made to this unit,
allowing complete remote phreaking.  When none of the buttons
are pressed, this unit uses NO power, thereby eliminating the
need for a power switch, and extending the life of the
batteries.

The following are the frequency combinations generated by each
button on the keypad.

KEY     FREQ. #1        FREQ. #2
---     --------        --------
1       697             1209
2       697             1336
3       697             1477
A       697             1633

4       770             1209
5       770             1336
6       770             1477
B       770             1633

7       852             1209
8       852             1336
9       852             1477
C       852             1633

*       941             1209
0       941             1336
#       941             1477
D       941             1633

All frequencies are measured in Hertz
Note that A,B,C and D are not normally present (except for silver
boxes)

--- The World of Cryton (UK)---                






Page 32






| 17-JUN-1987 Black box plans (2)

***************************************
*                                     *     FREE INCOMING CALLS!
*      How to build a BLACK BOX       *
*                                     *
***************************************

  To all who dare --

     What is a BLACK BOX?   A BLACK BOX is  a device that is
hooked up to  your fone  that fixes your fone so that when
you get a call,  the caller doesn't get charged for the call. 
This is good for calls  up to 1/2 hour,  after 1/2  hour
the Fone Co.  gets suspicious, and then you can guess what
happens.

The way it works:

     What  this little beauty  does  is keep the line voltage
from dropping  to 10v  when  you answer your  fone.   The
line is insted kept at 36v and it  will make  the  fone think
that it is  still ringing while your talking.  The reason
for the 1/2 hour time limit is that the Fone CO. thinks that
something is wrong after 1/2 an hour of ringing.

     All  parts  are  available   Radio Shack.   Using the least
possible parts and arangement,  the cost is $0.98 !!!! And  that 
is  parts for two  of  them! Talk  about  a deal!   If you  want 
to splurge  then  you can get a  small  PC board,  and  a switch.

 There are  two schematics  for this box,  one  is  for most 
normal fones.   The second one is for  fones  that don't  work 
with  the first.  It was made for use with a Bell Trimline touch
tone fone.

            **  Schematic 1 for most fones  **
            **         LED ON: BOX ON       **

          FROM >--------------------GREEN->  TO
          LINE >--!   1.8k  LED  !---RED--> FONE
                  !--/\/\/\--!>--!
                  !              !
                  ------>/<-------
                       SPST


Page 33




Parts:  1 1.8k 1/2 watt resistor
        1 1.5v LED
        1 SPST switch

You  may just have two wires which  you connect together for the
switch.


            **  Schematic 2 for all fones  **
            **        LED ON: BOX OFF      **

           FROM >---------------GREEN->  TO
           LINE >-------      ---RED--> FONE
                       !  LED !
                       -->/<--!>--
                       !         !
                       ---/\/\/---
                          1.8k

Parts:  1 1.8k 1/2 watt resistor
        1 1.5v LED
       1 DPST switch


     Here is the PC board layout that I recommend  using.   It 
is neat and  is very easy to hook up.

   Schematic #1               Schematic #2

  **************            ****************
  *            *            *  -------     *<<----PC board
  * --<LED>--- *            *  !     !     *
  * !        ! *            *  ! <SWITCH>  *
  * RESISTOR ! *            *  ! !      !  *
  *        ! ! *            *  ! !      /<<----Obviously red line
  * -------- ! *            *  ! !      \  *
  * !        ! *            *  ! <LED>! /  *
  * --SWITCH-- *            *  !      ! \  *
  *  !      !  *            *  !      ! /  *
L *  !      !  * F        L *  !      ! !  * F
I>RED-      -RED>O        I>RED-      ---RED>O
N>-----GREEN---->N        N>-----GREEN------>N                 
E * h          * E        E *              * E        
  **************            ****************


     Once you have hooked up all  the parts,  you must figure out
what set of wires  go to the line and which  go  to the fone.  

Page 34




This is because of the fact that LED's must be put in, in a
certain direction.  Depending  on which way you put the LED is
what controls what wires are for the line & fone.

How to find out:

     Hook  up the box in one  direction using one set of wires
for line and the other for fone.

*NOTE*  For Model I switch should be OFF.
*NOTE*  For Model ][ switch  should  be set to side connecting
the led.

     Once  you have hooked it up,  then pick up the fone and see
if the LED  is on.  If it is, the LED will be lit.  If
is  doesn't light then switch the wires and try again.  Once you
know which are which  then label  them.   *NOTE*  - If
neither  directions  worked  then  your switch was in the wrong
position.   Now lable   the   switch  in  its   current
position as BOX ON. 

How to use it:

     The purpose of this box is not  to poeple  who  call you so
it would  make sence  that  it  can only  be  used  to
receive! calls.   When the box is  *ON* then you may only recieve
calls.   Your fone will ring like normal and the  LED
on  the box will flash.   If you answer the fone now, then the
LED will light and the caller will not be charged.
Hang  up  the fone after you  are  done talking like normal.  
You will not  be able  to  get a dial-tone or call  when
the  box is on,  so turn the box  *OFF* for  normal calls.   I
don't  recommend that you leave it on all the  time,  as
you don't want it to answer when Ma Bell calls!

   from The Devil

--- The World of Cryton (UK)---                 











Page 35




| 17-JUN-1987 Urine (?) box plans

(>View: URINE BOX PLANS/F/MR.BAG
 
                                 --- A PAINFUL PRANK ---
     /==:==:==:==:==:==:==:==:==\
     !      Urine Box Plans     !      ... new and improved! ...
     \==:==:==:==:==:==:==:==:==/                            
3/2/86----
 
Now at last, Underground_Elite brings you these
ultrasophisticated box plans for, well, uh, I guess we just kind
of bring them for you. After many months of keeping this puppy
secret, we here at Underground_Elite have inally come
to the consensus that the public oughtn't be kept in the dark
from the wrath of Ma Bell, that great telephone company in the
sky.
 
The Urine Box (tm) basically creates a capacitative disturbance
between the ring and tip wires in another's telephone headset. I
have utilized this to the distinct advantage of the operator of
the Urine box and to the disadvantage of the other party
involved, hopefully you won't get caught.


Without further a doo, wire this schematic together. Copper wire
(or gold) will work best due to its lessened resistance. It might
be a good idea to keep the wiring cooled, to further reduce
current loss.  
           
          
              47k ohms       ---------------         .01 uF
!\    !------/\/\/-----------! SPSTswitch  !----!-----)!------!
! \   !                      ---------------    !             !
!  !--!                                         !          (+)!
!  !----------<-!----!---------/\/\/------------!      ----------
! /         PVP diode!         470k ohms               ! 12 VDC !
!/                   !            _                    ----------
                     !           /      .005 uF            (-)!
SPKR 20W             !------/\/\/\/\/---------)!---<-!--------!
                     !        _/ VR1 (see note1)   PVP diode  !
                     !                                        !
                 to RING                                 to TIP
               (your phone)                         (your phone)
 

note1 - VR1 is a three position variable resistor, enabling
settingsequivalent to 100k ohms, 210k ohms, and 320k ohms (all
110k apart).
Page 36 



note2 - The diodes are silicon-germanium based bipolar RF
reducers to limit current polarity reversal. If these are placed
backwards the box will not work as intended.
 
note3 - The speaker will emit low tones when the SPST is closed
(ie the box is "ON") and when the settings of VR1 are moved to
higher resistance the tone level will increase.
 
note4 - Place setting evaluation symbols to represet the lowest
resistance setting for VR1 to be "STEAM", the second (210) to be
"MELT", the third (320) to be "VAPORIZE". 
 
Usage of box.
 
Use in place of your normal telephone receiver. Do not attempt
usage as a regular phone. Call victim by sending tones through
speaker with tape recorded noise. Use touch tone sounds as pulse
requires electric disruption of line, not just audio. After
answer (listen in on SPKR 1) set VR1 to desired strength
and let her go. Victim will feel unpleasant sensations in his/her
head and will undergo a series of high intensity seizures, not
unlike epilepsy, and jointly proportional to VR-1 setting and
time induced.
 
Settings. (The Fun Part)
 
STEAM. A short -poof- of water vapor condenses within the
victim's earpiece, rendering the telephone short circuited and
the victim quite dazed.
MELT.  Causes structural phase change of receiver (usually
reinforced urea-formal-dehyde plastic material - high tech). 
As in urine?//            \\Some kinda water shit I guess.

This has the unpleasant bonus of removing the victim's hand.
VAPORIZE. If the victim is particularly nasty, this setting will
remove his upper anatomy (if box is enabled properly, that is!).
Continued usage of this setting is generally not recommended, as
death or other serious injury will accompany.
 
     Disclaimer.
Yes, I will refuse to take responsibility for your incompetence
in electrical doings. This includes my reluctance to give court
testimony, etc. etc.
 
        Wolfgang von Albatross
        Attorney at Law, ex Telco employee.
 
 
Brought to you by the 408/245-SPAM people. 300/1200.    /boog?
--- The World of Cryton (UK)---               
Page 37





| 17-JUN-1987 Blotto box plans
       %+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+     
       %HOW TO BUILD A BLOTO BOX+    THE DEATH DEVICE!
       %+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+%+
 
 Finally, it is here! What was first conceived as a joke to fool
the inncoent phreakers around America has finally been concieved
by the one phreak who is the expert on lines and voltage: The
Traveler. Other boxes by the Traveler include the White Gold Box,
the Aqua Box, The Diverti Box, and the Cold Box. All of those
plans will soon be available in a BBS/AE near you!
 Well, for you people who are unenlightened about the Blotto Box,
here is a brief summery of a legend.
 
--*-=> The Blotto Box <=-*--
   For years now every pirate has dreamed of the Blotto Box. It
was at first made as a joke to mock more ignorant people into
thinking that the function of it actually was possible. Well, if
you are The Voltage Master, it is possible. Originally conceived
by King Blotto of much fame, the Blotto Box is finally available
to the public.
   NOTE: The Traveler can not be responcable for the information
disclosed in the file! This file is strictly for informational
purposes and should not be actually built and used! Usage of this
electronical impulse machine could have the severe results listed
below and could result in high federal prosecution!
Again, The Traveler
               TAKES NO RESPONCABILITY! <--Need an English tutor?

   All right, now that that is cleared up, here is the basis of
the box and it's function.
   The Blotto Box is every phreaks dream... you could hold AT&T
down on it's knee's with this device. Because, quite simply, it
can turn off the phone lines everywhere. Nothing. Blotto. No
calls will be allowed out of an area code, and no calls will be
allowed in. No calls can be made inside it for that matter. As
long as the switchhing system stays the same, this box will not 
stop at a mere area code. It will stop at nothing. The electrical
impulses  that emit from this box will open every line. Every
line will ring and ring and ring... the voltage will never be cut
off until the box/ generator is stopped. This is no 200 volt job,
here. We are talking GENERATOR. Every phone line will continue to
ring, and people close to the box may be electricuted if they
pick up the phone.
   But, the Blotto Box can be stopped by merely cutting of the
line or  generator. If they are cut off then nothing will emit
any longer. It will take a while for the box to calm back down

Page 38




again, but that is merely a superficial aftereffect. Once again:
Construction and use of this box is not advised! The Blotto Box
will continue as long as there is electricity to continue with.
   OK, that is what it does, now, here are some interesting
things for you to do with it...
 
--*-=> The Blotto Box Functions and Installation <=-*--
   Once you have installed your Blotto, there is no turning back.
The following are the instructions for construction and use of
this box. Please head and heed all warnings in the above section
before you attempt to construct this box.
   Materials:
             - A Honda portable generator or a main power outlet
like in a stadium or some such place.
             - A radio shack cord set for 400 volts that splices
a female  plug into a phone line jack.
             - A meter of voltage to attach to the box itself.
             - A green base (i.e. one of the nice boxes about 3'
by 4' that you see around in your neighborhood. They are the main
switch boards and would be a more effective line to start with.
               or: A regular phone jack (not your own, and not in
your area code!
             - A soudering iron and much souder.
             - A remote control or long wooden pole.
   Now. You must have guessed the construction from that. If not,
here goes,
     I will explain in detail. Take the Honda Portable Generator
and all of the other listed equiptment and go out and hunt for a
green base. Make sure it is one on the ground or hanging at head
level from a pole, not the huge ones at the top of telephone
poles. Open it up with anything convienent, if you are
two feeble that fuck don't try this. Take a look inside... you
are hunting for color-coordinating lines of green and red. Now,
take out your radio shack cord and rip the meter thing off.
Replace it with the voltage eter about. A good level to set the
voltage to is about 1000 volts. Now, attach the voltage
meter to the cord and set the limit for one thousand. Plug the
other end of the cord into the generator. Take the phone jack and
splice the jack part off. Open it up and match the red and green
wires with the other red and green wires. NOTE: If you just had
the generator on and have done this in the correct order, you
will be a crispy critter. Keep the generator off until you
plan to start it up. Now, sauder those lines together carefully.
Wrap duck tape or insultation tape around all of the wires. Now,
place the remote control right on to the startup of the
generator. If you have the long pole, make sure it is very long
and stand back as far away as you can get and reach
the pole over. NOTICE: If you are going right along with this

Page 39









without reading the file first, you sill realizd0now tHat your
area code is about to become null! Then, getting back, twitch the
pole/remote control and run for your damn life. Anywhere, just
get away from it. It will be generating so much electricity that
if you stand to close you will kill yourself. The generator
will smoke, etc. but will not stop. You are now killing your area
code, because all of that energy is spreading through all of the
phone lines around you in every direction. 
   Have a nice day!
 
--*-=> The Blotto Box: Aftermath <=-*--
      Well, that is the plans for the most devastating and
ultimately deadly box ever created. My hat goes off to: King
Blotto (for the original idea),
Captain Xerox (for the suggestion about stadiums), and 
Modern s}}x (for the fact I was on his BBS when I thought of it.

--- The World of Cryton (UK)---                 


























Page 40




| 17-JUN-1987 Beige box plans

  THE BEIGE BOX---------------------------A LINEMAN'S HANDSET
                     FREE CALLS!!!!


------------
INTRODUCTION
------------
        
        Have you ever wanted a lineman's handset?  Surely every
phreak has at least once considered the phun that he could have
with one. After searching unlocked phone company trucks for one
for months, we had an idea.  We could build one.  We did, and
named it the "Beige Box," simply because that is the color of
ours.  In the following file we will give complete instructions
for the construction and use of a Beige Box.
 
 
 
------------
CONSTRUCTION
------------
 
        The construction is very simple.  First, you must
understand the concept of the device.  In a modular jack, there
are four wires. These are red, green, yellow, and black.  For a
single line telephone, however, only two matter: the red (ring)
and green (tip).  The yellow and black are not necessary for this
project.  A lineman's handset only has two clips on it: the ring
and the tip.  
 
        You will need a phone (we reccommend a touch-tone) with a
modular plug, a modular jack, and two large alligator clips 
(preferably red and green, respectively).  Take the modular jack
and look at the bottom of its casing.  There should be a grey
jack with four wires (red, green, yellow, and black) leading out
of it.  To the end of the red wire attach a red alligator clip. 
To the end of the green wire attach a green alligator clip.  The
yellow and black wires can be removed, although I would only set
them aside so that you can use the modular jack in future
projects.  Now insert your telephone's modular plug into the
modular jack.  That's it.      
 
        This particular model is nice because it can be easily
made, is inexpensive, uses common parts that are readily
available, is  small, is lightweight, and does not require the
destruction of a phone.
 
Page 41



 
----- --- ----
BEIGE BOX USES
----- --- ----
 
        There are many uses for the Beige Box.  However, before
you can use it, you must know how to attach it to its output
device.  This device can be any of several Bell switching
apparatus that include terminal sets (i.e., remote switching
centers, bridging heads, cans, etc.).  To open most Bell
Telephone switching apparatus, you must have a 7/16 inch hex
driver.  This piece of equipment can be picked  up at your local
hardware store.  With your 7/16 hex driver, turn the security
bolt(s) approximately 1/8 of an inch counter-clockwise and
open.  If your output device is locked, then you must have some 
knowledge of destroying and/or picking locks.  However, we have
never encountered a locked output device.  Once you have opened
your output  device, you should see a mass of wires connected to
terminals.  On  most of your output devices, the terminals should
be labeled "T" (Tip -- if not labeled, it is usually on the left)
and "R" (Ring -- if not  labeled, it is usually on the right). 
Remember: Ring - red -  right.  The "Three R's" -- a simple way
to remember which is which.  
 
        Now you must attach the red alligator clip (ring) to the 
"R" (ring) terminal.  Attach the green alliagtor clip (tip) to
the  "T" (tip) terminal.  NOTE: If instead of a dial tone you
hear nothing, re-adjust the alligator clips so that they are not
touching each other or other terminals.  Also make sure that they
are firmly attached. By this time you should hear a dial tone. 
Dial ANI and find out the number that you are using (you wouldn't
want to use your own).   
        Here are some practical applications:
                o  Eavesdropping
                o  Long distance, static-free phone calls to     
               phriends
                o  Dialing direct to Alliance Conferencing (also 
                   static-free) 
                o  Phucking people over 
                o  Bothering the operator at little risk to      
              yourself
                o  Blue Boxing with a greatly reduced chance of  
                  getting caught     
                o  Anything at all that you want, since you are  
                  an extension on that line
 




Page 42



 
Eavesdropping:
-------------
 
        To be most effective, first attach the Beige Box and then
your  phone.  This eliminates static caused by connecting the
box, therefore reducing the potential suspicion of your victim. 
When eavesdropping, it is always best to be neither seen nor
heard.  If you hear someone dialing out, do not panic; but rather
hang up, wait, and pick up the receiver again.  The person will
either have hung up or tried to complete their call again.  If
the latter is true, then listen in, and perhaps you will find
information worthy of blackmail!  If you would like to know who
you are listening to, after dialing ANI, pull a CN/A on the
number.
 
 
Dialing Long Distance:
------- ---- --------
 
        This section is self-explanatory, but don't forget to
dial a  "1" before the NPA.
 
 
Dialing Direct to Alliance Conferencing:
------- ------ -- -------- ------------
 
        Simply dial 0-700-456-1000 and you will get instructions
from there.  I prefer this method over PBXs, since PBXs often
have poor reception and are more difficult to come by.   
 
 
Phucking People Over:
-------- ------ ----
 
        This is a very large topic for discussion.  Just by using
the other functions described, you can create a large phone bill
for the person (they will not have to pay it, but it is a hassle
for them). In addition, since you are an extension of the
person's line, leave your phone off hook, and they will not be
able to make or recieve calls.  This can be extremely nasty
because no one would suspect  the cause of the problem.       
 
 
Bothering the Operator:
--------- --- --------
 
        This is also self-explanatory and can provide hours of
entertainment.  Simply ask or say things to her that are
offensive and  you would not like traced to your line.  This also
Page 43










corresponds with the previous described section, Phucking People
Over.  After all, guess  who's line it gets traced to? He he
he...
 
 
Blue Boxing:
---- ------
 
        See a file on Blue Boxing for more details.  This is an 
especially nice feature if you live in an ESS-equipped prefix,
since the calls are, once again, not traced to your line.
        {{{As well as no true Blue Boxing being necessary. The
call is charged to someone else, no tones needed.}}}
  
--------- ----- -- ----- ------
POTENTIAL RISKS OF BEIGE BOXING
--------- ----- -- ----- ------  
 
        Overuse of the Beige Box may cause suspicions within the
Gestapo,  and result in legal problems.  Therefore, I would
recommend that you:
 
        o  Use more than one output device
        o  Choose a secluded spot to do your Beige Boxing
        o  Keep a low profile (i.e., do not post under your real 
           name on a public BBS concerning your accomplishments)
        o  In order to make sure that the enemy has not been     
       inside your ouput device, I reccomend that you place      
      a piece of transparent tape over the opening of your       
     output device. 
           Therefore, if it is opened in your absence, the tape  
          will be displaced and you will be aware of the fact    
        that someone has been intruding upon your territory.
 
 

--- The World of Cryton (UK)---               






Page 44




| 17-JUN-1987 Aqua box plans

READ: aqua box/f/sir william
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/
/-/                           /-/ 
/-/      The Aqua Box         /-/ 
/-/                           /-/          ANTI-LOCK IN
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/       
/-/                           /-/              TRACE
/-/ Concept by: Captain Xerox /-/ 
/-/                           /-/ 
/-/ Plans by: The Traveler    /-/ 
/-/                           /-/ 
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ 
 
 Every true phreaker lives in fear of the dreaded F.B.I. 'Lock in
Trace.' For  a long time, it was impossible to escape from the
lock in trace. This box does offer and escape route with simple
directions to it. This box is quite a simple concept, and almost
any phreaker with basic electronics knowledge can construct and
use it. 
 
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ 
/-/    The Lock     /-/ 
/-/    in Trace     /-/ 
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ 
 A lock in trace is a device used by the F.B.I. to lock into the
phone users location so that he can not hang up while a trace is
in progress. For those of you who are not familiar with the
concept of 'locking in', then here's a brief description. 
 The F.B.I. can tap into a conversation, sort of like a three-way
call  connection. Then, when they get there, they can plug
electricity into the phone line. All phone connections are held
open by a certain voltage of electricity, that is why you
sometimes get static and faint connections when you are calling
far away, because the electricity has trouble keeping the line 
up. What the lock in trace does is cut into the line and generate
that same  voltage straight into the lines. That way, when you
try and hang up, voltage is retained. Your phone will ring just
like someone was calling you even after you hang up. (If you have
call waiting, you should understand better about that, for call
waiting intercepts the electricity and makes a tone that means 
someone is going through your line. Then, it is a matter of which
voltage is  higher. When you push down the receiver, then it
see-saws the electricity to the other side. When you have a
person on each line it is impossible to hang 
up unless one or both of them will hang up. If you try to hang
up, voltage is  retained, and your phone will ring. That should
give you an understanding of how calling works, also. When
Page 45




electricity passes through a certain point on your phone, the
electricity causes a bell to ring or on some newer phones an 
electronic ring to sound.) 
 So, in order to eliminate the trace, you somehow must lower the
voltage level  on your phone line. You should know that every
time someone else picks up the phone line, then the voltage does
decrease a little. In the first steps of planning this out, Xerox
suggested getting about a hundred phones all hooked  into the
same line that could all be taken off the hook at the same time. 
That would greatly decrease the voltage level. That is also why
most three-way connections that are using the bell service three
way calling which is only $3 a month) become quite faint after a
while. 
 By now, you should understand the basic idea. You have to drain
all of the power out of the line so the voltage can not be kept
up. I suddenly thought draining of power could quickly short out
the F.B.I. voltage machine, because  it was only built to sustain
the exact voltage necessary to keep the voltage out. 
 For now, imagine this. One of the normal Radio Shack generators
that you can go pick up that one end of the cord that hooks into
the central box has a phone jack on it and the other has an
electrical plug. This way, you can "flash" voltage THROUGH the
line, but cannot drain it. So, some modifications have 
to be done. 
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ 
/-/   The Aqua Box  /-/ 
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ 
 
 Materials needed- a BEOC (Basic Electrical Output Socket), like
a small lamp type connection, where you just have a simple plug
and wire  that would plug into a light bulb. 
        - One of cords mentioned above, if you can't find one    
        then construct your own... same voltage connection,      
      but the restrainer must be built in (i.e. the central      
       box) 
        - TWO phone jacks (one for the modem, one for if you are 
            being traced to plug the aqua box into) 
        - Some creativity and easy work. 
 
 NOTICE: No phones have to be destroyed/modified to make this
box, so don't go out and buy a new phone for it! 
 
 All right, this is a very simple procedure. If you have the
BEOC, it could drain into anything, a radio, or whatever. The
purpose of having that is you are going to suck the voltage out
from the phone line into the electrical applicence so there would
be no voltage left to lock you in with. 
 1)Take the connection cord. Examine the plug at the end. It
should have only two prongs, if it has three, still, do not fear.
Page 46









MAKE SURE THE ELECTRICAL APPLIANCE IS TURNED OFF unless you wanna
become a crispy critter while making this thing. Most plugs will
have a hard plastic design on the top of them to prevent you from
getting in at the electrical wires inside. Well, get a nice 
one and remove it. If you want to keep the plug (I don't see
why...) then just cut the top off. 
 When you look inside, low and behold, you will see that at the
base of the prongs there are a few wires connecting in. Those
wires conduct the power into the appliance. So, you carefully
unwrap those from the sides and pull them out until they are
about and inch ahead of the prongs. If you don't wanna keep 
the jack, then just rip the prongs out. If you are, cover the
prongs with  insultation tape so they will not connect with the
wires when the power is  being dvained from the line. 
 2)Do the same thing with the prongs on the other plug, so you
have the wires evenly connected. Now, wrap the end of the wires
around each other. If you happen to have the other end of the
voltage cord hooked into the phone, stop reading now, your too
fucking stupid to continue. 
 After you've wrapped the wires around each other, then cover the
whole thing  with the plugs with insulating tape. Then, if you
built your own control box or if you bought one, then cram all
the wires into the box and reclose it. That box is your ticket
out of this. 
 3)Re-check everything to make sure it's all in place. This is a
pretty flimsy  connection, but on later models when you get more
experienced at it then you can sauder{Solder, my friend} away at
it and form the whole device into one big box, with some kind of
cheap mattel hand-held game inside to be the power connector. 
 
 In order to use it, just keep this box handy. Plug it into the
jack if you  want, but it will slightly lower the voltage so it
isn't connected. When you plug it in, if you see sparks, unplug
it and restart the WHOLE thing. But if it just seems fine then
leave it.









Page 47





  
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ 
/-/ Using it !! /-/ 
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ 
 
 Now, so you have the whole thing plugged in and all... DO NOT
USE THIS UNLESS  THE SITUATION IS DESPERATE! When the trace has
gone on, don't panic, unplug your phone, and turn on the
appliance that it was hooked to. It will need energy to turn
itself on, and here's a great source... the voltage to keep 
a phone line open is pretty small and a simple light bulb should
drain it all in and probably short the F.B.I. computer at the
same time. 
 
 Happy boxing and stay free! 
 
\ater, 
The Traveler 
Zer0-g 
Council of Minds. 

 
Call these BBS: 
/-------------------------------\ 
! Little America   (507)289-8211! 
! Brainstorm       (612)345-2815! 
! Rogues Gallery   (507)282-7974! 
! Apple Entertain  (507)282-8993! 
! City of Atlantis (215)844-8836! 
! King's Lair      (804)379-8630!
! Static Barrier   (312)225-9836! 
\-------------------------------/


---------------------------------------
FROM TARAN KING AT METAL SHOP (314)432-0756
---------------------------------------
Put up on Cryton by /\/\/ Captain Caveman \/\/\

+44 4 584 7608 - The World of Cryton (UK) - 300/1275/1200/2400

---------------------------------------
Note to Sysops:
 You can put this material up on your BB, but remember not to put
it on view to anyone! & don't change anything.
---------------------------------------


Page 48


| 17-JUN-1987 How to make your phone into a cheesebox

$$$$$$$$$$-=>Making Your Phone<=-$$$$$$        PAY PHONE
$$$$$$$$$$-=>Into a Cheesebox <=-$$$$$$

        /=\Typed by:Sir Knight/=\

    A Cheesebox (named for the type of box the first one was
found in) is a type of box which will, in effect, make
your telephone a Pay-Phone.....This is a simple,modernized, and
easy way of doing it....

    Inside Info: These were first used by bookies many years ago
as a way of making calls to people without being
called by the cops or having their numbers traced and/or
tapped......

     How To Make A Modern Cheese Box

     Ingredients:
     ------------

     1 Call Forwarding service on the line

     1 Set of Red Box Tones

     The number to your prefix's Intercept operator(do some
scanning for this one)

     How To:
     -------

       After you find the number to the intercept operator in
your prefix, use your call-forwarding and forward 
all calls to her...this will make your phone stay off the
hook(actually, now it waits for a quarter to be dropped
in)...you now have a cheese box...

In Order To Call Out On This Line:You must use your Red Box tones
and generate the quarter dropping in...then,you can make phone
calls to people...as far as I know, this is fairly safe, and
they do not check much...Although I am not sure, I think you can
even make credit-card calls from a cheesebox phone and not get
traced...

           Enjoy, and don't get Caught!

                  =><= Sir Knight =><=
                      Head of APPA

--- The World of Cryton (UK)---                 
Page 49




       

   view: box plans<- jack the ripper
          **************************************
          *  how to build and use a cheesebox  *  PAY PHONE #2
          **************************************

              a cheese box makes your home telephone into a
payphone.  the method shown below is an easy way of doing it.

          supplies need.2- ------

          one line that has call forwarding.

          one red box or recording of red box tones.


             first you need to find out the number to the
intercept  operator in your prefix.  when you have the number to
the  intercept operator then forward .2alls to her.  this makes
 your phone inoperable until a quarter is deposited i.e. your
phone is now a payphone.  and to make calls off this line
just get your red box or boot up the cat's meow and insert
your coins then call.  also you must beware.2phreak off this
line or they will assume it is a troubled fortress.  then
they will send someone out to stake out the fortress, and
then well i'll just say it'll be pretty hairy!

later...

                        jack
               .2    the ripper


          (>view:














Page 50







| 17-JUN-1987 Brown box plans

                 /-/-/-/-/-/-\-\-\-\-\-\      THREE WAY CALLING
                <:-\-Brown Box Plans-/-:>
                 \-\-\-\-\-\-/-/-/-/-/-/


(>Introduction<)

          This is a fairly simple modification that can be made
to any phone. All it does is allow you to take any 2 lines in
your house and create a party line. So far I have not heard of
any problems with it from my friends that have set one up and I
have not had any either. There is one thing that you will notice
when you are one of the two people who is called by a person with
this box. The other person will sound a little bit faint.  I
could overcome this with some amplifiers but then there wouldn't
be very many of these boxes made.
I think that the convenience of having two people on line at any
one time will make up for the minor volume loss.

(>Phone Modification Instructions<)


Here is the diagram:

KEY:___________________________________
    ! PART                   ! SYMBOL !
    -----------------------------------
    !BLACK WIRE              !   *    !
    !YELLOW WIRE             !   =    !
    !RED WIRE                !   +    !
    !GREEN WIRE              !   -    !
    !SPDT SWITCH             !  _/_   !
    !                           _/_   !
    !VERTICAL WIRE           !   !    !
    !HORIZONTAL WIRE         !   _    !
    -----------------------------------








Page 51







       *    =    -    +
       *    =    -    +
       *    =    -    +
       *    =    -    +
       *    =    -    +
       *    ==_/_-    +
       *******_/_++++++
       !              !
       !              !
       !              !
       !_____PHONE____!


---------------------------------------

           In some houses the black and yellow are already wired
in others you will have to go out to your box and rewire it. A
good way to figure out which line is which is to take the phone
you are looking for off the hook.  Then you only need to take the
red and green wires entering your phone and hook them to the
different pairs of red and green going into the house.  You can't
hurt anything in the phone or telephone by probeing.  When you
find the pair that you want take the black from your line and
attach it to the red of the other line then take the yellow and
attach it to the green line.  Now you are all set to go.  For
people with rotary phones you can have one person call you then
place the second call out to the other person. Though not a
phreakers tool, the brown box can be phun.

___________________________-END-____________________________
   o Written by The Doc & Edited by 13th Floor Enterprises       
                       619-420-8678

--- The World of Cryton (UK)---               












Page 52



| 17-JUN-1987 Gold box plans    
 
                                      MAKE YOURSELF A RELAY LINE
                                       (Blueboxing with no risk)
GOLD BOX PLANS: COURTESY OF SIR WILLIAM
  
HOW TO BUILD IT
_______________
 
 
     YOU WILL NEED THE FOLLOWING:
 
TWO 10K OHM AND THREE 1.4K OHM RESISTORS, TWO 2N3904 TRANSISTORS,
TWO PHOTOCELLS, TWO RED LED'S (THE MORE LIGHT PRODUCED THE
BETTER), A BOX THAT WILL NOT LET LIGHT IN, AND RED AND GREEN
WIRE.
 
 LIGHT FROM THE #1 LED MUST SHING DIRECTLY ON THE PHOTOCELL #1.
THE GOLD BOX I MAID NEEDED THE TOP OF THE LED'S TO TOUCH THE
PHOTOCELL FOR IT TO WORK.
THE SAME APPLIES TO THE #2 PHOTOCELL AND LED
          1
    :-PHOTOCELL--: 
    :            :
    :            :BASE
    :    1     TTTTT
    :  +LED-   TRANSISTOR              
    :          TTTTT                   
    :           : :                    
    :  -I(--    : :COLLECTOR
RED1--<     >:--: :-------:-----GREEN2
       -I(-- :            ----------:
             :                      :  
        2    :-/+/+/-/+/+/-/+/+/-/+/+/ 
       LED     10K    10K   1.4K 1.4K  
                 RESISTORES
 
            2
       -PHOTOCELL-----------------
       :                         :
       :BASE                     :
     TTTTT                       :
     TRANSISTOR                  :
     TTTTT                       :     
      : :EMITTER                 :
GREEN1- --------------------------RED2
     :   :
     /+/+/
      1.4K  

Page 53

 

THE 1.4K RESISTOR IS VERIABLE AND IF THE SECCOND PART OF THE GOLD
BOX IS SKIPPED IT WILL STILL WORK BUT WHEN SOMEONE PICKS THE
PHONE UP THEY WILL HEAR A FAINT DIAL TONE IN THE BACKGROUND AND
MIGHT REPORT IT TO THE GESTOPO ER...(AT&T).  1.4K WILL GIVE YOU
GOOD RECEPTION WITH LITTLE RISK OF A GESTOPO AGENT AT YOUR 
DOOR.
 
    
   NOW THAT YOU HAVE BUILT IT TAKE TWO GREEN WIRES OF THE SAME
LENTH STRIP THE ENDS, TWIST TWO ENDS TOGETHER AND CONNECT THEM TO
GREEN1 AND PLACE A PEICE OF TAPE ON IT WITH LINE #1 WRITING ON
IT.
 CONTINUE THE PROCESS WITH RED1 ONLY USE RED WIRE. REPEAT WITH
RED2 AND GREEN2 BUT CHANGE TO LINE #2.
 
 
HOW TO INSTALL
______________
 
   YOU WILL NEED TO FIND TWO PHONE LINES THAT ARE CLOSE TOGETHER.
LABEL ONE OF THE PHONES LINES LINE #1.CUT THE PHONE LINES AND
TAKE THE OUTER COUTING OFF IT. THERE SHOULD BE 4 WIRES CUT THE
YELLOW AND BLACK WIRES OFF AND STRIP THE RED AND GREEN WIRES FOR
BOTH LINES.

   LINE #1 SHOULD BE IN TWO PEICES TAKE THE GREEN WIRE OF ONE END
AND CONNECT IT TO THE ONE OF THE GREEN WIRES ON THE GOLD BOX.
TAKE THE OTHER HALF OF LINE #1 AND HOOK THE FREE GREEN WIRE TO
THE GREEN WIRE ON THE PHONE LINE. REPEAT THE PROCESS WITH RED1
AND THE OTHER LINE.
 
   ALL YOU NEED TO DO NOW IS TO RIGHT DOWN THE PHONE NUMBERS OF
THE PLACE YOU HOOKED IT UP AT AND GO HOME AND CALL IT. YOU SHOULD
GET A DIAL TONE!!!
IF NOT LEAVE ME A MESSAGE ON THE MODEM MADNESS BBS 516-569-0589
OR TRY CHANGING THE EMITTER WITH COLLECTOR.  

OH AND HOOKING IT UP TO A PAYPHONE IS A FEDERAL OFFENCE AND IS
ILLEAGAL TO PUT ON ANY PHONE.  I RECOMMEND YOU SEE YOUR LOCAL
POLICE DEPARTMENT BEFORE DOING ANYTHING SAID IN THIS ARTICLE.
(HAHAHAHA!!!!!!)
 
U/l'ed to: Static Barrier BBS by Sandman
Call These KEWL BBS!!

 T H E  O A S I S   [312] 724 - 0346 :
 H O T E L   C A .  [312] 234 - 6237

--- The World of Cryton (UK)---               

Page 54





| 17-JUN-1987 Crimson box plans

(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
(*) Crimson Box (*)             HOW TO MAKE A HOLD BUTTON FOR
(*)    Plans    (*)                    YOUR PHONE
(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)

The Crimson Box is very simple device that will allow you to put
someone on hold or make your fone busy with a large amount of
ease. You flip a switch and the person can't hear you talking.
Flip it back and everything is peechy.

(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
(*)   Needed Materials  (*)
(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
[
(1) 100 ohm or less resistor
(1) SPDT toggle switch, On-On
(3) feet of good wire
Wire cutters
Solder and soldering iron

(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
(*)   Construction & Schemtaic  (*)
(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)

First I will give you the schematic and then I will explain what
the hell is going on.

[-----------black wire on line-----    
--------+   red wire on line   +---   ______________________
--------)--+/\/\/-green wire---)---  /  :  . .    :    .   /\
--------)--! yellow wire-------)--- / -)- <--wire is under/:/
        !  !                   !   / :  \_Wire is over(-)/:/
        +--!------+            !   |  .   :  . wire   . |\/
           +----+ ! +----------+   |____________________||
                ! ! !               \____________________\
                1 2 3

Ok. The '/\/\/' is the resistor. And '1 2 3' is the switch where
the numbers are the poles on the switch. Notice you leave the
black and yellow wires alone. You DO NOT cut them!
[
Strip the red and green wires so you've got about an inch of bare
wire. Solder some of the extra wire and follow the schematic. You
should have the resistor on the green wire with an extra piece


Page 55








of wire coming from one leg of it. The other leg goes to the
other end of the green wire. You should solder the green
wire to the left pole of the switch and the red to the middle and
the other end of the red to the right pole.

Now, lift up the phone. If all you get is an annoying buzz then
throw the [switch and you should get a dial tone. If not, don't
worry and just follow the instructions and schematic again.

_______________________________________

 This has been an HMH presentaion-1985
 Crimson Box - Written and created by:
               Dr. D-Code
   Watch for the upcoming Sand Box
_______________________________________

--- The Static Barrier 1200/2400 BBS/AE--- (312) 225-9836
--- The World of Cryton (UK)---                


























Page 56


| 17-JUN-1987 Pearl box plans
               THE MULTIPLE TONE GENERATOR TO REPLACE MOST BOXES

U/L'ed by The Masked Squirrel
Call: The Squirrel's Lair-=> 606-341-8204  1200 only/AE/indv pw

Maharaja's Hi-Times 10 MEG BBS C/F
<Call> (702)-832-7469
Formatted for 80 columns.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
$$                                                            $$
$$                     *****************                      $$
$$                     * How to make a *                      $$
$$                     *****************                      $$
$$                                                            $$
$$                      <> Pearl Box <>                       $$
$$                                                            $$
$$             Written and created by: Dr. D-Code             $$
$$                                                            $$
$$ (Sysops may use this information if it's not altered in )  $$
$$                      (any way at all)                      $$
$$                                                            $$
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

The Pearl Box:  Definition - This is a box that may substitute
for many boxes which produce tones in hertz. The Pearl Box when
operated correctly can produce tones from 1-9999hz. As you can
see, 2600, 1633, 1336 and other crucial tones are obviously in
its sound spectrum.
 
Materials you will need in order to build The Pearl Box:
========================================================
C1, C2::::::::.5mf or .5uf ceramic disk capacitors
Q1::::::::::::NPN transistor (2N2222 works best)
S1::::::::::::Normally open momentary SPST switch
S2::::::::::::SPST toggle switch
B1::::::::::::Standard 9-Volt battery
R1::::::::::::Single turn, 50k potentiometer
R2::::::::::::  "     "    100k potentiometer
R3::::::::::::  "     "    500k potentiometer
R4::::::::::::  "     "    1meg potentiometer
SPKR::::::::::Standard 8-ohm speaker
T1::::::::::::Mini transformer (8-ohm works best)
Misc.:::::::::Wire, solder, soldering iron, PC board or          
     perfboard, box to contain the completed unit,               
battery clip
 
Instructions for building The Pearl Box:
========================================
 
Since the instruction are EXTREMELY difficult to explain in
Page 57


words, you will be given a schematic instead. It will be quite
difficult to follow but try it any way. There is also a Hi-Res
picture you can get that shows the schematic in great detail.
 
                         (Schematic for The Pearl Box)
          {It's not really that diffucult to understand. Try it}
                +-------------+------------+---------+
                !             !             \        +--S1----
                C1            C2             \           SPKR
                !             !               +      +--------
                +             +           ----+T1    +
                !\            +---------------+------+
                !  b  c-------!
                !   Q1                   !
                !     e-----S2---+       !
                !                !       !
                !               B1       !
                !                !       !
                !                +-------+
                !R1   R2   R3   R4!
                /\/\ /\/\ /\/\ /\/\
                  +--+ +--+ +--+
 
Now that you are probably thoroughly confused, let me explain a
few minor details. The potentiometer area is rigged so that the
left pole is connected to the center pole of the potentiometer
next to it. The middle terminal of T1 is connected to the piece
of wire that runs down to the end of the battery.
 
Correct operation of The Pearl Box:
===================================
You may want to get some dry-transfer decals at Radio Shack to
make this job a lot easier. Also, some knobs for the tops of the
potentiometers may be useful too. Use the decals to calibrate the
knobs. R1 is the knob for the ones place, R2 is for the tens
place, R3 if for the hundreds place and R4 is for the thousands
place. S1 is for producing the all the tones and S2 is for power.
Step 1: Turn on the power and adjust the knobs for the desired
tone.
       (Example: For 2600 hz- R1=0:R2=0:R3=6:R4=2)
Step 2: Hit the pushbutton switch and VWALA! You have the tone.
If you don't have a tone recheck all connections and schematic.
If you still don't have a tone call Brainstorm BBS:612-345-2815,
The Bay:415-775-2384 or Pirate's Harbor:617-720-3600 and leave me
e-mail stating what the scene is.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------
  This has been a High Mountain Hackers presentation  -  1985
---------------------------------------------------------------
Shakepeare is currently working on an improved version of the
Pearl Box.. look for the ppplans soon!
Page 58



| 17-JUN-1987 Silver box plans
                                           MAKE SILVER BOX TONES
[+>Read: silver boxing
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Ingredients:
     1    Blue wire about 1 foot.
     1    Gray wire about 1 foot.
     1    Brown wire about 1 foot.
          (Better to overkill....)
     1    Single pole/Double throw
          (SPDT) switch. (Smallest
          you can find.)
     1    Standard bell phone.

Tools:
     1    Soldering Iron and Solder.
     1    flat-tip screwdriver.
     1    Very patcient person.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
1:   Take the casing off your phone by loosening the two screws
     underneath it.  (Don't take the screws all the way off!)
2:   Loosen (But don't remove) the screws on the side of the     
     touch tone keypad. (The ones that attach it to the mounting 
     bracket.) and CAREFULLY remove the keypad from the mounting 
     bracket.
3:   You will notice a plastic cover on the keypad; seperate the
     two halves and get the out of your way. (Don't destroy them,
     you will need them later.)
4:   Now, look at the top of the pad (so the 123 row is facing   
     away, and the *0# row is toward you. Turn over the keypad.  
     You should see a mass of wires, gold plated contacts,     
     discrete components, and two large doughnut shaped black
     thingies. (These are the coils that make the touch-tone     
     frequencies. All you are going to do is connect the wires  
     that Ma Bell "Forgot" to.)
5:   Look at the coil on the left (with 5 solder contacts facing 
     you, rather than being perpendicular to you.) Count over 4  
     contacts FROM the left (or 2 conacts FROM the right) and    
     solder the GRAY wire to the fourth post FROM the left.
6:   Solder the other end of the GRAY wire to the LEFT pole of   
     the SPDT switch.
7:   (The point of no return)..........
     Take a look at the bottom edge of the keypad. You should see
     a row of three gold plated contacts (to the right of two    
     very large capasitors) look at the one on the left and      
     GENTELY seperate the two touching connectors (They are
     soldered together with a drop of solder) and spread them    
     apart.


Page 59






8:   Solder the brown wire to the top contact (The one futhest   
     from you), and solder it to the RIGHT pole of SPDT switch.

9:   Now, take the blue wire and solder it to the bottom     
     (Closest)contact.  Solder the other end of this wire to the
     CENTER pole of SPDT switch.

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
                 DONE
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-* 

10:  Now put you phone back together. (To make it look
     professonal, make a hole in the plastic top of your phone
     and stick the SPDT switch through it.

  Now, (Hopefully) when the switch is in on position you will
have a normal phone and when it is in the other position the 3,
6, 9, and # keys (Which are now the A, B, C, and D keys) will
magically produce the SILVER BOX TONES!

     Have Phun and Happy Phreaking,
              The Devil


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-





====================================
             USING A
           SILVER  BOX
-----------------------------------


  First off, a silver box adds the four extra tones to your phone
that Ma Bell never told you about. They go like this:

               1  2  3  A
               4  5  6  B
               7  8  9  C
               *  0  #  D

  There used to be many places were you could use SILVER BOX
tones, but now you can only use it in places were Ma Bell hasn't

Page 60







gotten around to replacing her old switchboxes,
(4A), or on Autovan. Autovan is a special military phone
line, like a mass of private lines hooked together (I think, but
I'm not sure).
  To see if a specific area has the old 4A switchboxes try this
test:
  Call up there directory assistance byusing XXX-555-1212, (Where
XXX is the area code you are check out. Now hold down the "D" key
as soon as you finish dialing. (If you are using the SILVER BOX
that I showed you how to make; Switch to SILVER BOX tones
and hold down the "#" key.) The phone should start ringing and
the operator will answer.
  If the operator screams at you to stop pressing your keypad,
then hang up and try a diffrent areacode. (This one does not
work.)  If you get a pulsing tone the you got a good line! Now
try out different numbers. 6 and 7 usually form a loop line and
two people with SILVER BOXES can talk. But some of these
are watched, so DON'T say anything you wouldn't want your mother
to hear!
  I have heard the 213 works but is being watched. Try out of the
way states like Iowa, Monatana, Wyoming, ect...(etc)
               Have Phun,
               The Devil
====================================

--- The World of Cryton (UK) ---                




















Page 61





| 17-JUN-1987 Red box info
                                                 You better know
  HOW TO BUILD AND USE A RED BOX......              what THIS is!
     =<COURTESY OF  -<U.N>->=
     =<TYPED BY THE MASTER >=
      ----------------------
 
THE RED BOX BASICALLY SIMULATES THE SOUND OF COINS BEING DROPPED
INTO THE COIN SLOT OF A PAY TELEPHONE. A PAY TELEPHONE GENERATES
A BURST OF TWO MIXED FREQUENCIES, 1700 HZ AND 2200 HZ, FOR A
SPECIFIC TIME INTERVAL TO DENOTE A NICKLR, DIME, OR QUARTER. A
NICKLE IS 1700 HZ +2200 HZ FOR 66 MILLISECONDS. A DIME IS 1700 HZ
 + 2200 HZ FOR 66 MILLI. SECS. ON, 66 MS. OFF , THEN 66 MS ON
AGAIN. FINALLY, A QUARTER IS 1700 HZ+2200 HZ FOR 33,MS ON, 33 MS,
OFF, CONTINUOSLY REPEATING FOR 5 TIMES.
       
    WHEN USING A RED BOX ON A PAY PHONE, FIRST DEPOSIT A REAL
NICKLE (BECAUSE THEY CAN TELL IF THE FIRST ONE IS A REAL ONE OR
JUST A TONE), THEN USE THE TONE BURST. YOU CAN BUILD THE CIRCUIT
TO GENERATE A NICKLE TONE, THEN RECORD IT AND PLAY IT INTO THE
PAY PHONE WITH A WALKMAN CASETTE PLAYER.
 
     TO GET THE MAP, SEND $2 DOLLARS TO MASTER WORLD
          1609 S. BENTLEY AVE
          LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90025
    
   THE MAP HAS MANY FIGURES THAT THE COMPUTER CANNOT PRODUCE.
   
 
IF YOU HAVE THE MAP , HERE ARE SOME TIPS:
   ADJUST R1 TO GET 2200 HZ AT POINT A
   ADJUST R2 "   "  1700 HZ "  "     B
   PRESS SWITCH FOR 66 MS ON AT SPEAKER
   THIS SIMULATES A NICKLE
                                          
                    THE 555 TIMER-> 66MS TIMER
                    THE 556 DUAL TIMER->2200HZ+1700HZ GENERATOR
                    741->TIMER OP AMP BUFFER FOR SPEAKER
 
 SO REMEMBER IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE MAP SEND TWO DOLLARS TO THE
ADDRESS UP ABOVE
 
 {{{ My Hertz Generator will make most tones necessary for RED
Boxing, so try it first before you go and spend your money.}}}
            {{{Tell me how you like it....}}}
            {{{  The generator, that is.  }}}
                                                

Page 62









:%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%:
:%                                                         %:
:%                    THE GREEN BOX                        %:
:%                                                         %:
:%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%:





   The Green Box generates useful tonessuch as COIN COLLECT, COIN
RETURN, and RINGBACK.  These are the tones that ACTS or the TSPS
operator would send to the CO when appropriate.  Unfortunately,
the green box cannot be used at a fortress station, but must be
used by the CALLED party.  The tones (hz) are:


   COIN COLLECT      700  +  1100
   COIN RETURN      1100  +  1700
   RINGBACK          700  +  1700


   Before the called party sends any of these tones, an operator
released signal should be sent to alert the MF detectors at the
CO.  This can be done by sending 900 + 1500 Hz or a single 2600
Hz wink (90 ms) followed by a 60 ms gap and then the appropriate
signal for at least 900 ms.  Also, do not forget that the initial
rate is collected shortly before the 3 minute period is up.

:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-::-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-: 














Page 63

       
