>From an9420@anon.penet.fi Sat Oct 9 13:37:06 EET 1993

this was an anonymous post, i dont even remember where i found it. it will,
however, be expanded on whenever i find the time for it. in the mean time,
thanks to Theoderich and too all of you, have fun. the title has been
modified for HTML formatting. as mentioned before, this document will be
further modified as i expand on it. the original can be downloaded here.

decayed kisses,
the pink and purple
tinsel fairy of love
and necrophilia

                   #####################################

                                NECROPHILIA

                               by Theoderich

                   #####################################

I: Introduction

Very few text files have been written regarding the sexual tendencies and
practices of necrophiliacs. While most people would prefer to believe that
we do not exist we most certainly do as is obvious to anyone who visits a
cemetery during our nightly rampages. Necrophiliacs prefer to go about
their business alone; sharing is not a part of this alternative lifestyle
as the corpse usually wears out fairly quickly. This is not to say that the
occasional orgy involving four or five necrophiliacs and about a dozen or
so corpses does not occur, but it is very rare. In this file I will
describe common (and some uncommon) techniques which necrophiliacs use to
gain satisfaction from their stiff partners. Hopefully these vivid
descriptions will encourage you to go out to your local cemetery and to
join our ranks!

II: Finding a partner

Finding a partner for your necrophiliac activities is definitely the
hardest part. You not only have to gain access to the corpse but you also
have to find one which suits your tastes. Granted, some necrophiliacs would
screw roadkill if given the chance but most of us are more discriminating.
Your chances depend upon where you pick up your date. If you have access to
a morgue it would definitely be your best bet as the corpses there are
usually the freshest and have not yet been treated for burial. They may be
a bit chilly because they've been lying in the meat locker for days but
that really shouldn't make a big difference to the determined necrophiliac.
Cemeteries are a bit harder to deal with as finding a screwable corpse is
harder to do. However, if you know how to interpret signs this shouldn't be
a problem. If a grave consists of a mound of fresh dirt and is covered with
flowers, chances are that the stiff hasn't been laying here for too long.
Rotting flowers on the mound usually hint to the state of the corpse as
well. Some people are exclusively into 'porking the bone', i.e. sex with
skeletons. In this case you can dig up almost any grave and hope that the
inhabitant hasn't yet disintegrated into dust. Try to scope out a fairly
secluded cemetery for your passions unless you like a sense of danger to go
along with the sex. Having anyone catch you in the act is NOT fun, and if
you're picked up by a cop chances are that you won't be able to screw
anything but Bubba behind bars for the next few decades. People are
generally not understanding of the necrophiliac lifestyle, so it will
probably be a long time before we can come out of the closet.

III: Preparation

Depending upon where you are at this point you'll have either a little or a
lot of work to do. The person in the morgue will obviously have to do
little more than to open the locker, pull the corpse out and bang away. If
you're one of the cemetery people you'll have more work to do. An
experienced necrophiliac is always equipped with the bare essentials: a
shovel, vaseline and a box of rubbers. Why the shovel is needed should be
obvious, but if the ground is hard then you might need more equipment to
dig up your date. Vaseline is used to loosen the corpse up a bit. This
makes it less likely for a body part to break off while you're having fun
and it also prevents your mantool from becoming too irritated while
screwing the dried out pussy. The BOX of condoms is used to play it safe;
no necrophiliac should be without it. You never know which STDs your
partner had during his/her lifetime, and believe me, it doesn't get any
better after the person dies. You can put on more than one rubber for extra
protection if it is warranted, but screwing a corpse without protection is
just plain stupid unless you want to be the next date for a necrophiliac.
If you're in a cemetery try to drag the corpse out of the grave and behind
a bush or to another secluded place. Pumping away in the grave may seem
more convenient, but it's a severe disadvantage to you if you need to take
off in a hurry. Sometimes the corpse is too fragile to be moved; in that
case make it fast. Or just break off the head, hand or lower torso and take
it with you for added convenience.

Part IV: Techniques

So now you've got a stiff lying seductively in front of you, but you have
no idea how to start. How you proceed from this point onward really depends
upon what kind of person you are. The corpse will last longer if you treat
it gently and with care, but if you prefer to go all out you'll probably
receive greater satisfaction. There are many differences between screwing a
live and a dead person which one needs to be aware of. Firstly, a corpse
will never tell you to get off of it if you're being a bit rough and it
will never complain no matter what kinky sexual practices you use it for.
Screwing a corpse is also much more predictable because you can raise an
arm, leg or whatever and it will still be in that position when you reach
for it again. Take the arms and gently lock them in an embrace behind your
back, or spread the legs to make sex a bit easier. If you want a great
blowjob then lubricate your partner's mouth, lock it to your preferred
width, insert and go for it. Although there's no tongue stimulation it's
still worthwhile, and it's also safer than conventional sex. Corpses can
also be recycled if treated properly. If you're a proficient embalmer you
can keep a corpse for over five years if it has been properly embalmed.
That's free sex whenever you want it! You naturally don't want to be too
rough with an embalmed corpse though as they are more fragile. One final
advantage of screwing corpses is that they are always in abundance. Based
upon your sexual preferences you can designate a cemetery or a morgue as
your territory and always find fresh partners to screw. Plus you don't have
to resort to cheesy pickup lines or spend all your money in order to get a
date. Necrophilia is a passion which is cheaply satisfied.

V. Conclusion

I hope that this text file will encourage you to go out and try
necrophilia. Not many people do it, but that's precisely what makes it so
much fun; it makes you feel special! If no living person would touch you
with a 10 foot pole then try having sex with a corpse! Some of them are
real beauties and it's an experience you'll never forget. There is no
greater experience for a virgin than having his/her virginity taken by a
corpse. Anyways, have fun and if you have any experiences you'd like to
share then by all means do! Maybe necrophilia will enter the mainstream
because of your efforts.

Theoderich
8/9/93
3:11 pm CST
