=== The Slaughter House BBS/AE -- 312-395-816 -- 10 megs ===

                      E P                       P E
                       M I          B          I M
                        D R     AppleCore     R D
                         Y A                 A Y
                            T     Thanks    T
                             E  Adam Bomb  E
                              S           S
                                Present...

                           ___                   ___
                          |   |                 |   |
                          |___|_________________|___|
                              |                 |
                              |Fun With Locusts!|
                           ___|_________________|___
                          |   |                 |   |
                          |___|                 |___|

  It's that time again, people, when all the locusts come out once more to
wreak havoc in your backyard.  They get in your trees, your clothes, your hair,
and your baby sister actually wants to play with these things!  What fun is
there in a bug who can barely fly?  That's what this file is all about....

  Those nice crunchy shells that tend to be left behind are very nice.  Make a
large pile of them in your yard.  Pull out the lawnmower and have at it!  If
someone asks what the hell you're doing, just say you were mowing the lawn.
live locusts can also be put in place ofthe shells.  That's a lot of fun!

  Ok, you've seen a lot of live ones in your tree branches.  Take a stick
that's about 2-3 foot long and not too wide.  A baseball bat can also be used,
however, it's a little bit harder to swing than that stick.  Ok, there are at
least 3 things to do!  Have at all those shells on the leaves!  Same thing goes
for live locusts..contrary to belief, thy don't attack, so don't worry.  You
can also sharpen your batting skills with locusts by grabbing one by its wing,
tossing it up, and spraying its guts everywhere with a good swing!  This is not
something to do in front of your little sister because of two things:  If your
mom finds out, you'll get into trouble ad the "blood" will get all over your
sister and you'll end up giving her a bath...not too good.

  If you're not too violent you can have fun making the "ground-huggers" fly.
Grab one by its wing, and toss it up in the middle of the street somewhere.  If
it doesn't fly away, it'll either glide down and grind it's face into the curb
or street, or it'll just drop, in which case it'll grind on it's face anyway.
The funny part about this is watching them bounce when they try to land...  And
remember, they can't see worth shit, so if they do fly away, they'll probably
end up splattered into a tree or a car wndshield.

     Another thing you might want to do is find a large rock and lift it up.
Usually, there will be the classical locust holes underneath. Sometimes, you
might get as luck as to see the young ones outside of the holes. So, take a
screwdriver (a long one preferably) and tab those suckers! If one goes down
into its hole, reach in with the screwdrver! This might be classified as a
"Bug Hunt".


  After you've exterminated your neighborhood of locusts, call these killer
"301" boards:


     Weatherstation.......661-9355...BBSAE...300/1200........1.5 megs
     Razor's Edge.........561-6161...BBSAE...300/1200/2400...20 megs

 As of May 27th, Terminal Obsession will be changing its number to 525-9978.
"Please make a note of it."

                         Emdy Pirates...                                        Kill 'em or thrash 'm!"



X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
