+=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=+
\                                                                           \
\                        The Best Blasting Gelignite                        \
\                                                                           \
\                            By: The Flower Child                           \
\                                                                           \
+=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=+
\                                                                           \
\                           Call these great AE's                           \
\                  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=                  \
\        The Arena (PW: Turkey).........................(408) 429-8562      \
\        Dark Side (No Password)........................(408) 245-7926      \
\                                                                           \
+=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=+


         Disclaimer: This stuff is DANGEROUS!!! This file is for information
purposes only and is not to be thought of as an endorsement for the making of
this blasting gelignite. If you do make it and blow your face (head, arms,
legs, feet, hands, etc.) off you deserve it because this stuff is just
downright dangerous!! (I have a friend who had some blow up in his face and he
has nice third degree burns all over his face which means fun stuff like skin
grafts, etc.)


+=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=+


 The Best Blasting Gelignite..

     To try and tell you about the potency and danger of this stuff, I want
you to know that one time some friends of mine and I (Disk Slasher, Romper
Stomper) were very careful and made some of this stuff. After it was made, we
were scared as shit of it and carried it on a ten foot pole. (literally!)
Near to my house there is a club that has a Coke machine outside. So we went
over there at about 3 in the morning and stuck this stuff all over the Coke
Machine and set it off. The whole Coke Machine damn near split in two (well
anyway the front door was blown off) and the Cokes and money came spilling out
We helped ourselves to both and got the hell out of there which was good
because the police and fire department were there in about 15 minutes because
all the people around that the blast had waken up had called them because they
thought there was a fire or something. So if you make this stuff (Which we
don't endorse you doing) BE CAREFUL!!!!!!

+=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=+

 The Best Blasting Gelignite..

     The Recipe:

     Note: None of these items are too hard to get but you damn well better
not think that this stuff is not powerful because of that. if you think that,
you had better get prepared to lose part of your body.

     Further Note: A step marked with a star '*' should be done behind a blast
shield of some kind. We used a big sheet of plexiglas.

         Stuff you need

         1) 50 parts water
         2) 20 parts sugar (provides oxygen)
         3)  1 part  baking soda
         4)  5 parts Corn Flakes (I'm not kidding, this is VITAL as a
                                  stabilizing agent)
         5) 30 parts Charcoal (Very finely ground Fishtank charcoal- No
                               Barbeque charcoal)
         6) 10 parts Sulphur (You can sometimes get this at grocery stores
                              [especially Kroger] in the drug section)
         7) 30 parts Saltpetre (You can also get this at grocery stores
                                sometimes. Kroger is the only one I know of
                                but ther might be others. get it in the drug
                                section.)
         8) A Jar of Vaseline


     The Actions...

       1) Get a deep metal pan to cook over the stove on and put the water in
          it. Stir in the sugar until it all dissolves. if you can't get all
          of the sugar to dissolve, add more water until all of the sugar has
          dissolved. Now stir in the baking soda until it dissolves. if you
          can't get all of the baking soda to dissolve, don't worry about it,
          just leave it.

       2) Heat the pan over a medium flame (You don't need to stir) until it
          begins to boil. Now stir in the corn flakes until they are all in
          water and the whole thing begins to look like hot breakfast cereal.
          let the mixture sit on the burner until it begins to boil again.
          (This could be a long time or it could be a very short time
          depending on the water and the elevation, etc.)

       3) As soon as the mixture begins to boil, stir it constantly until it
          is a sludgy mass that is sort of half solid and half liquid.

       4) Now dump this mixture out onto a greased cookie pan (so it dosen't
          stick) It should be just solid enough to almost stay in a lump. Now
          mix in the Charcoal and the Sulphur. If it gets really gritty, don't
          worry. Just mix it together as well as you can. Now stick in the
          oven at 150 degrees. Make sure that is 150 degrees. if it is much
          higher, this stuff will burn up in your oven and take your whole
          house with it. Constantly monitor the pan until all of the sludge
          is baked dry and has no wetness in it at all.

     * 5) Get the pan out of the oven when it is ready and  put it in the
          refrigerator or let it cool down by itself (The refrigerator is
          faster). Now take it out of the pan and pound it into dust. This
          might need to be done behind a blast shield because even though I
          have heard that it can't blow up or burn up if it is cool at this
          stage, When I pounded up my batch I made some sparks and so I got
          a blast shield just in case.

     * 6) When you have the dust. put it in a tupperware or something like
          that and put it, the saltpetre, and the vaseline in the fridge until
          they are all cold. This definately needs to be done behind a blast
          shield as this is the part where it gets very unstable. Get a cooler
          and fill it with ice and put an open container in the ice but don't
          let ice get in the container. Mix all of the dust and saltpetre
          together. Get a big glob of vaseline and get it
          nice and soft and quickly mix as much of the dust into
          it as you can. If the mixture get above about 35 degrees Celcius, it
          will blow up so try to not keep it in your hands too long (I
          definately advise wearing gloves to keep your hands from heating the
          mixture.) When you have mixed all of the dust possible
          into the lump of vaseline, drop it into the container in the cooler
          and get some more vaseline and make a new lump. When all of the dust
          is gone, close the container and put it in the fridge. When you want
          it to blow up (And it will blow up big!) just get it hot. We did
          both by sticking firecrackers in it and lighting them and running
          like hell (Very Dangerous!) and by model rocket ignition system
          model rocket igniters which we stuck in the stuff.


     If you are crazy and stupid enough to do this, then watch out! it is a
good way to hurt yourself.
