--------------------------------------------------
-            The Free Press Prevents:            -
-                                                -
-           The Joy of Revenge Part III          -
-                                                -
-            (C) 1987 by The Griffin             -
--------------------------------------------------

Radio
-----

Simply by picking up the phone one can place all
kinds of useful ads, public service, and community
information announcements with the local radio
station.

Low power mobile transmitters have been used to
enliven the programming at local radio stations.

Cheap F.M. bugging devices are avaliable from many
sources.  These bugs will broadcast to an F.M.
radio (home or auto) located up to 400 feet away.
Such bugs have been wired inside "gifts" such as
a lamp, and presented to the target.  The bug
placed in a lamp was wired to the lamps wiring so
it would not need batteries.

A simple remote control device can be made from a
remote controlled toy, two walky talkies, or a
small radio with an F.M. bugging device for the
controller.  If you can cause a radio in a place
remote from you to make a noise you are
controlling it.  You can use that sound, or the
electricity that causes it, to initiate any type
of electrical response.

Utilities
---------

Gas and electrical meters can be slowed or
bypassed.

Strong magnets have been used to slow meters.

Some water and electrical meters will run 
backwards if turned around.

Sometimes the tampering of the meter tampering
is the utility company.  However, when the target
is the user, a crude and obnoxious attempt to
effect the meter is made on behalf of the target.
The tampering is then duly noticed by the meter
reader and reported to the utility company.  Such
irregularities (even removal of a seal) makes the
utility company very cranky.

If one likes railroads one should never set the
manual brakes on box cars nor poor water in the
tracks switches on cold nights.

Newspapers
----------

Newspapers take classified ads by telephones.  Any
number of ads may be placed in a newspaper on
behalf of a target.  He may place the following
ads:

     1.  A BIG garage sale - starts early Saturday
         and Sunday.

     2.  Please support this unpopular cause
         (Hitler youth club, etc).

     3.  Free cocker spaniel puppies (call after
         12 A.M.  I'm a shift worker).

     4.  I.B.M. typewriter $50.00.

     5.  Must sell ex-husbands old gun collection.

     6.  Call "X" the mystic sex theripist.

And many, many others.

                  *************** 
                  **The Griffin**
                  ***************


