BEATING THE "CLUB"


So you lost the keys to that marvelous device they call "The CLUB", you
know that multi-colored steel pole that look like two pieces of cactus,
designed to keep people from stealing your vehicle.

If you lose the keys to THE CLUB you are pretty much screwed because
the police can not unlock it without removing your steering wheel (If
they even can). If they can not remove it, it will be very costly for
you to take it to a locksmith and have him remove it.

Pretty neat huh, they build this to keep car thieves out of your
vehicle, but if you lose the keys you are kept out of your vehicle. Now
figure you also had to pay somewhere between $50.00 and $75.00 dollars
for something that just locked you out.

LETS DISCUSS AN ALTERNATIVE WAY




ITEMS YOU WILL NEED
	

 1.  CAN OF LIQUID FREON (Available at most hardware stores)
 
 2.  THE ATTACHMENT FOR FILLING YOUR CARS AIR CONDITIONER 
     WITH FREON (Also at hardware store)

 3.  BALLPEEN HAMMER (Found around house)

 4.  SAFETY GLASSES RECOMMENDED (Optional)

 5.  AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST, A BIG SET OF TESTICLES (Those 
     you probably have or you would not have D/L this file)


INSTRUCTIONS


With all the necessary equipment in hand or bag (recommended),
testicles in throat, here's the plan.

Take the attachment and look at the end, you will see a pin inside
(resembles valve stem on a tire). Pull or unscrew the pin out of the
end (do this BEFORE you attach to the can).  Now realize when you
attach to the can the freon will shoot out at HIGH PRESSURE, SO BE
PREPARED!!!!!! Hook attachment to can and point nossel directly into
the lock on THE CLUB. When you see heavy ice build up in and around the
lock, dispose of the can quickly so no freon will come in contact with
anything else, especially your skin (Will cause severe and instant
frost bite). Grab the hammer and strike the lock with the rounded side,
hard and fast, the lock will shatter, causing the amazing
indestructible CLUB to break  (GOOD INVESTMENT).


NOW, WELL YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO OR YOU WOULD NOT BE DOING IT!


UPLOADED BY: LEISURE SUIT


Additional note from Jeff Hunter:

Freon is getting more and more difficult to come by because of new
environmental laws. However, if you have a chemical supply house nearby 
you should be able to buy a thermos of liquid nitrogen. This is even 
cheaper than freon, will not destroy the ozone, the fumes won't kill 
you, and is far more effective than freon.




X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
