
/-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\
|                    Count Lazlo Hollifeld Nibble Presents:                   |
|                 Mister Shim(TM) - Your Briefcase-Opening Pal                |
|              A Countlegger Volume Seven World Premiere Textfile             |
\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

Here's a toy that will have limited use for most people now, but which might
encourage a bit more sneakiness in the future.  It's a simple device that
allows you to quickly and silently open, with no injury to yourself or the
target, virtually any briefcase that uses a combination lock as its sole
security measure.

 ___________________|    |_     This is the kind of lock to which I refer.
|  ___   _   _   _  |    | |    It's used primarily on your cheaper-style
| |   | |-| |-| |-| |    | |    attache cases, popular among yuppies and
| |___| |-| |-| |-| |____| |    other wimpy neo-rich types -- maybe including
|__________________________|    that nerdy kid in your homeroom with the
   ^^^   ^^^^^^^^^    ^^        hornrim glasses and the pencil case in his
  Slide Combo Dials  Hasp       shirt pocket.  You never know what he might
                                have hidden in there . . . like a nice HP
calculator (which he never uses -- he extracts cube roots in his head) or his
lunch money.  Now you can find out without him knowing.  Just snatch the case
from his locker, where he keeps it during Gym period, and be sure to put it
back before he returns.  (And if you don't know how to get into his locker,
check out the Master Lock file in PHRACK issue #1.)

------------------------
Building Mister Shim(TM)
------------------------

You'll need a thin piece of metal about 2cm by 3cm.  (We're using metric here,
guys.  So sue me.)  In the one I made I used a piece cut from an aluminum Coke
can and it worked fine.  Out of the 2cm end, cut it to look like the diagram
below (which I wish could be less confusing . . . just look at it carefully).

                        / - - - - 12mm - - - - \
                |_______                        _______| _ _
                      _ |       aluminum       |            | 2mm
                 1mm| _ |____/\____  ____/\____| _ _ _ _ _ _|_
                        .    ..    \/_ _ .._ _ . _ _ _ _ _ _ _| 1mm
                2mm wide:____::____::____::____:
        about 1.3mm wide     ^^    ^^    ^^

                     (To SCALE? Are you KIDDING?)

It looks tough, but really isn't . . . use a very sharp exacto knife to cut out
the two corners first, then a fine trangular metal file to smooth it and file
out the small indentations.  It'll take about ten to fifteen minutes if you do
it carefully, and it does NOT have to be EXACT . . . just get it as close as
you can.  It helps to have one of those locks nearby to fine-tune the shim. 
Simply set the lock to its correct combiation and insert Mister Shim(TM) as
described below.  If it works as described, your shim is properly designed.

---------------------
Using Mister Shim(TM)
---------------------

The guy who designed this particular type of lock knew that he'd have to
install some sort of "back door" in it, for all those airheads who would change
the numbers on their locks and then forget them, or in case Random Briefcase
Vandals assaulted the luggage store, raping, pillaging, and changing
combinations as they went.  This is that back door.

Use is simple.  Slide the modified end of Mister Shim(TM) into the gap right
next to the dial on the lock.  (Try both sides, it varies from lock to lock.) 
If Mister Shim(TM) goes in ALL THE WAY with a little jiggling, the number shown
on the dial is correct.  If not, turn to the next number and try again.  On a
three-dial lock, it will take an average of only fifteen checks to find the
proper combination; on a two-lock case with a practiced operator, this adds up
to LESS THAN A MINUTE to open the case.

You can now access anything inside the case you like, or change the combination
if you wish.  (To change the combination, push the slide towards the hasp [see
first diagram] and hold it, then turn the dials to the desired new combo.  Your
victim will have to go to someone with their own Mister Shim(TM) -- or destroy
the lock -- if they ever want to get into their briefcase again.)

Use Mister Shim(TM) in good health.
_______________________________________________________________________________

DISCLAIMER:  Certain applications of Mister Shim(TM) may be illegal in some
areas.  Consult your attorney.  Mister Shim(TM) is not intended for internal or
topical use.  Keep away from cuts or open sores.  And remember, this is just an
exhibition, not a competition.  Please . . . no wagering.
 _____________________________________________________________________________
/                                                                             \
|       #########       THE NoBULLSHIT GUARANTEE:  Count Lazlo Nibble UN-     |
|     ######    ###     CONDITIONALLY GUARANTEES that this textfile is 100%   |
|    ##   ###_{_} ##    BULLSHIT FREE.  If constructed properly, the device   |
|   ##   / ###\_/  ##   described in this file is GUARANTEED TO WORK AS       |
|   ## ,(___###    ##   DESCRIBED, or you are welcome to visit Count Nibble   |
|    ##  o \ \##  ##    at his home and piss on his flowers.  Few other       |
|     ###     #####     files can make such a claim -- insist on those that   |
|       #########       do!  (C)1986 by Count Lazlo Hollifeld Nibble/SWPG.    |
\_____________________________________________________________________________/

