                        @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
                        @                             @
                        @        THE     CYPHER       @
                        |     [010100]->[011010]      |
                        v                             v
                        |         PRESENTS:           |
                       -*-   >Effective Murder<      -*-
                        ^                             ^
                        |                             |
                        @            2/88             @
                        @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

Disclaimer:

  This file is not intended for everyday use (unless, of course, you're a
psycho, like myself,) but for self-defense, and for your OWN protection. The
information contained in this file can be found in any major library, or
martial
arts class.  So, for all you feds, or general peace activists, better stop
reading now.  You wont enjoy it.

  And, to all anarchists, I hope you will find this file enjoyable, and for
good
use when our nation is in peril, or for some good old fashioned ass-kicking.

*  Enjoy *

Effective Neck-breaking techniques:
----------------------------------

                  *Crossneck*

  This method will only work if you are much taller (1 1/2 - 2 feet) than your
target, or the target is sitting down (guards, teachers, etc.)

   Approach the target from the behind SLOWLY as not to startle, then place
your left arm around the neck, and the right arm across the neck (over the
left)
and grab your upper-left arm with your right arm.  Move the right arm upward
sharply, and the left arm left firmly around the neck.  Pop the neck out of
the
spinal cord, and seperate the head from the rest of the body. The neck should
be
quite twistable now.  Damage the spinal cord, so the victim has little/no hope
for survival.  Don't even think about whipping out a knife.  This method is
for
killing without leaving a single mark.

                   *Throat demolition*

  When using this technique, be sure to rid your concience of any regrets
while
attempting this.  You will be staring your victin eye-to-eye, and you dont
want
to cower out.  Your victim will have a scared-shitless look of "Why me?" They
will look so innocent, it might make you chicken out.  Check out "The Cypher's
guide to the elimination of the concience" if you have these problems.  It
could
mean the difference between life and death...

  Creep up to your mark while they are leaning over (reading, loading gun,
etc.)
 Stare down at what they're doing by their RIGHT side, then place the left arm
around the neck from the underside. In other words, extend the right arm under
their chin, then reach back around to the back of the head.  Grab the neck
tightly, plpace your shoulder on their chest, flip them over onto the table or
floor, then punch them AS HARD AS YOU CAN right in the throat.

I'm not sadistic (yeah, sure, you say,) and I am somewhat of an animal lover,
but a good way to practice this technique is with pigs.  Go down to any
forestry
project, and then find out where some of the pigs are...  This will not be too
hand to do.  Just look for severe underbrush.  Wait, and they will come. 
Ambush
from behind, and the pigs neck is yours.  Im not sure if this kind of hunting
is
legal (bare hands) but it is essential for proper exercises in the art of the
elimination of the concience.
