                  How to make Nitroglycerin and How to use it.

Nitro is a very powerful high explosive. The byproducts of nitro is nothing but
nitrogen, carbon dioxide, water, and oxygen.

     To make nitro.

     Mix 100 parts fuming nitric acid, with specific gravity of 50 degrees
baume, with 200 parts sulphuric acid. This is going to be hot at first.  It
won't splatter if you pour the nitric into the sulphuric.  The acid solutions
together can dissolve flesh in a matter of seconds so take care when using
them!!  When cool, add 38 parts glycerine as slowly as possible.  Let it trickle
down the sides of the container into the acids or it won't mix thoroughly and
the reaction could go to fast which causes enough heat to ignite itself. If you
see the mixture turn brown or look funny, run like hell!!  This means it is
about to explode!  (Nitroglycerin can fill up to 10,000 times it's original area
with expanding gases.  This means that if you have 10ml's somewherel it will
produce 100,000ml of gases).  Stir with a GLASS rod for 15 seconds then
carefully pour it into 20 times it's volume of water.  It will visibly
precipitate immediately. There will be twice as much nitro as you used glycerine
and it is easy to separate. Mix it with baking soda as soon as you have
separated it this helps it not to go off by itself.

NOTES:  Parts are by weight and the baume scale of specific gravity can be found
in most chemistry books.  You can get fuming nitric and sulfuric acids wherever
good chemicals or fertilizers are sold.  It is positively STUPID to make more
than 200 grams of nitro at time.  When mixing the stuff wear goggles, gloves,
etc.  One experience of having the stuff going off by itself blew both a window
and the table it was sitting on away.  This was done with only 25g of the stuff.

     Once you have made the nitro and saturated it with bicarb. you can make a
really powerful explosive that won't go off by itself by simply mixing it 
         fieasy uch cotton as you can and them saturating that with molten wax...just enough
to make it sealed and hard. Typically, use the same amounts ( by weight ) of
each nitro, cotton and wax. This when wrapped in newspaper was once known as "
Norbin & Olson's patent dynamite "  but that was back in 1896.




                                How to make TNT

1.   Get two clean beakers.  In the first, prepare a solution of 76% sulfuric
acid, 23% nitric acid and 1% water.  In the other beaker prepare another
solution of 57% nitric acid and 43% sulfuric acid.  Percentages are on a weight
ratio, not by volume.

2.   Ten grams of the first solution are poured into an empty beaker and placed
in an ice bath.

3.   Add ten grams of toluene, and stir for several minutes.

4.   Remove this beaker from the ice bath and gently heat until it reaches 50
degrees C.  The solution is stirred constantly while being heated.

5.   Fifty additional grams of the acid from the first beaker are addedEand the
temperature is allowed to rise to 55 C.  This temp is held for the next ten
minutes.  an oily liquid will begin to form on the top of the acid.

6.   After 10-12 minutes, the acid solution is returned to the ice bath, and
cooled to 45 C.  When reaching this temp.  the oily liquid will sink and collect
at the bottom of the beaker.  At this point, the remaining acid solution should
be drawn off using a syringe.

7.   Fifty more grams of the first acid solution are added to the oily liquid
while the temp. is slowly being raised to 83 C.  After this, the temp. is
maintained for 30 minutes.

8.   At the end of this period, the solution is allowed to cool to 60 C, and is
held at this temp. for another 30 minutes.  The acid is then again drawn off,
leaving once more only the oily liquid at the bottom.

9.   Thirty grams of sulfuric acid are added, while the oily liquid is gently
heated to 80 C.  All temperature changes must be accomplished slowly and gently.

10.  Once the desired temperature is reached, 30 grams of the second solution
are addedEand the temperature is raised from 80 to 104 C, and is held for 3
hours.

11.  After the 3 hours, the mixture is lowered to 100 C and is held for 30
minutes.

12.  The oil is then removed from the acid and washed in boiling water.

13.  While washing with boiling water, the TNT will begin to solidify.

14.  When it starts to solidify, cold water is added to the beaker, so that the
TNT will form into pellets..  Once this is done, you have a good quality TNT
which is very stable and can be melted at 82 C.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------