                     Fucking Up The Popular Dorks #1
                         TPing So It Stays
                     _-=An After Presentation=-_
                    Artists oF The freE Revelution
                       By Doors Of Confinement

 Yeah. Everyone hates those fucking popular dorks, you know the
ones who think they're cool and tuff, and they'll really faggots.
Popular dorks are people who can only learn how to use a mac cuz
they're illiterate, but think they're hot shit with computers.
One of After's goals is to fuck up this assholes, and defend the
so-called losers (Us) Anyways, this phile's here for the time
when ya just wanna have a little fun with these assholes, like
when ya wanna TP their house. First of all, don't be a fuck. If
yer gonna TP, do it right, and take a bucket of water with ya to
wet down the paper so it sticks. For those of you who forgot the
correct way to hold a roll while yer hucking it, I'll remind ya.
Unroll it a little, then grab the end, toss it in a arc over the
highest tree, and don't let it break off. When the roll comes
back down, keep holding onto the end and chuck it a few more
times, then you can drop the end. Countinue throwing until the
roll is gone or gets caught and repeat until their tree is
papered completely. Take water balloons and huck em up there, so
it gets wet and sticks.. Now fer the extras. If they are one of
those people with a pool in the front, or if ya can get into the
back (look out for barking dawgs, don't worry if they bite, but
if they make noise you might not have time to finish the job) and
they have a pool , ya can have some phun. Take some alkaselzter,
about 20 pax or so depending on yer cash flow, and chuck em in,
next add tampons to the shit, ya can put fake blood on them if ya
want to gross em out, or  buy or steal a used one from
some girl.. Next, i'll talk about silly string. One sentence:This
shit sucks and is a watse of money. But be sure to take some whip
cream with ya just in case the popular dork left the car open. If
the car IS open yer in for some phun. Leave the door open, the
lights on, and by morning, the batteries are shot. Also, if they
are a true popular dork, leave some eggs out in the sun the
previous day, and leave a fucking omelet in their car. Egging.
Expensive, but phun. The best place to leave em is cracked open
on a car, or something else with tons of paint. Graffitti. If ya
wanna fuck with this, go ahead, but it's no phun cuz they start
thinking about getting those damn movement lights that startle
the shit outta you unless ya see em first (Movement lights are
fucking easy not to set off, the idiots leave them by the garage,
where you ain't going anyways. ) Finishing Touches: Mud or sticky
substance on car, enuff so they need professional car washin
service, and don't forget to leave yer favorite dork a poem, so
he knows who did it, and that he shouldn't fuck around with ya.

         Have phun..

    Next: Crank callin. Do the right thing....



X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
