                           HIGHWAY RADAR JAMMING

   Most drivers wanting to make better time on the open road will arm
themselves with an expensive radar detector.  However this device will not work
against a gun type radar unit in which the radar signal is not present until
the cop has you car in his sights and pull the trigger. Then it is too late to
slow down.
   A better method is to continously jam any signal with a radar signal of your
own. I have tested this idea with the cooperation of a local cop and found that
his unit reads random numbers when your car approached him. It is suprisingly
easy to make a low power radar transmitter.  A nifty little semiconductor
called a Gunn diode will generate microwaves when supplied with 5 to 10 vdc and
enclosed in the correct size cavity (resonator). An 8 to 3 terminal regulator
can be used to get this voltage from a car's system.  However the correct
construction and tuning of the cavity is difficult without good microwave
measurement equipment.  Police radars commonly operate on the K band at 22 ghz.
or more often on the X band at 10.525 ghz.  Most microwave intruder alarms and
motion detectors (mounted over automatic doors in supermarkets, etc.) contain a
Gunn type transmitter/receiver combination that transmits about 10 milliwatts
at 10.525 ghz.  These units work perfectly as jammers.  If you can't get one
locally write to Microwave Associates in Burlington, Mass. and ask for info on
"Gunnplexers" for ham radio use.  When you get the unit it may be mounted in a
plastic box on the dash or in a weatherproof enclosure behind the plastic
grille.  Switch on the power when on the open highway.  The unit will not jam
radar to the side of behind the car so don't go speeding past the radar trap.
   An interesting phenomena you will notice is that drivers in front of you who
are using detectors will hit their brakes as you approach large metal signs or
bridges.  Your signal is bouncing off these objects and triggering their
detectors.
               Have fun... Cryton
