		   ***************************************
		   *					 *
		   *  Revenge: Don't get mad - Get even  *
		   *					 *
		   *	      By George Hayduke 	 *
		   *					 *
		   *	 subtitled: Fun Things To Do	 *
		   *					 *
		   *	     Written by The Ghost	 *
		   *					 *
		   *****************02/21/85**************
		   SPEED DEMON	  415/522-3074	  24 HOURS
		   ***************************************

   This isn't a death and Destruction file.  I'm not telling losers how to cause
thermite reactions in chemistry class or make neeto pipe bombs to blow up that
guy who keeps bugging you.

   This is from a book by George Hayduke.  It describes a variety of ways to get
back at people who cause you distress.	The book has contains a lot of tips on
causing expensive damage to "marks".  Well, I picked the good ones.  Ones that
don't cause a lot of expense, in currency that is.  Well, I hope you enjoy.  Get
back at the losers using the system.  Sort of like piracy and phreaking.

   ***************************************

   In a car with automatic transmission, switch the #1 and #8 wires on the
distributer cap.  This will allegedly allow the car to operate in Neutral and
Park, but the engine mysteriously dies in Drive.

   Castor Oil squirted into the tailpipe of a car, will cause a large amount of
smoke.	Just the thing to help nervous drivers.

   If you can get a bank account number for a person, truly wonderful things can
happen.  Depositing one penny every day can get the employees very pissed.

   It happens that given a few hundred wanted posters, one will look like you.
OR anybody else you can imagine.  Close anyway.  Think of all the bounty hunters
just waiting to claim their reward.

   Place an ad in a paper for Male Secretarys only.  $11 an hour, must be
physically attractive, gentle, and other related social traits.  This is for
anybody who has an office.  Give the time to show up one half hour before the
normal opening hour.  For example, if the office opens at 9:00, put the time to
be 8:30.  All these faggots will show up and start bitching at each other and
your loser.

   Run an ad in the local paper with the following message.  "I need all used
christmas trees.  Please leave them on my lawn, and I'll pay $5 for each one."
then leave the losers address.	The paper will take your $ and print the ad
without thinking.

   If you know the guy is going to throw a party, arrange for him to find out
that somebody was going to crash his party, dressed up like cops.  Then call the
cops telling them of a real rowdy party going on.

   If your college uses computers to handle admissions, try this.  Fill out
course withdrawl forms in the losers name.  Then enter them, they probably won't
check.	The guy will go the entire block unknowing, then when grades are posted.
"Where are mine?" "Why didn't I get grades?"

   Call your colleges administration, tell them you are the undertaker of your
losers hometown.  He just died, please take him off your records, records will
follow.  Then call the parents.  He just died in a fraternity accident.  This
will work better if the guy decides to skip a week or so of classes.

   Instead of credit card fraud, just call up the company and tell them that you
just lost your cards.  You name?  Why it's (insert loser)

   If you want, advertise the losers phone number as a Dial A Joke.  For bigots,
Dial A Black, etc.

   If you dislike a fast food place with a drive thru, try this.  Order
everything you can think of.  Then just don't go to the window.  Do it during
dinner hours.  Or, order a normal sized meal, but with extra helpings of
mustard.  Then the next car will try the food, then freak out at the joint.

   Garage door openers often have dip switches that can be changed to other
combinations.  The cheaper the model, the better.  Sears sells just the unit.
Say you broke yours or something.  Then change the settings.

   Wax crayons tossed into a wash do wonders to whites or anything else.

   There is a whole section of phun things to do with a phone.	Call in a bomb
threat to a school or something, then leave the handset offhook.  Of course, do
this only at the losers house.	Someone will visit.

   Call Ma Bell, and report that your loser is using Blue Boxes.  Tell them it
is your civic duty...  Don't do this to someone who knows what they are though.
The phone co doesn't believe in innocence.

   Ads placed in papers saying that (insert loser) will sell YOU!  the plans to
a device enabling inexpensive calls.  Mention that you keep no records.

   If you are getting back at somebody with a multi-line system, this is good.
Place a large magnet where the line comes in.  When one phone rings, they all do

   If you can get a private minute with your marks phone, and the handset is
modular, cover the handset plug with clear nail polish.  The phone rings, then
its unlimited "Hello?" "Hello?"

   Remove the pins from all but one of the hinges of a front door of a business.
The door will work fine, for a while, then fall off.  People start screaming.

   Add luminescent paint into the cans of someone who is painting their fence.
Then, at night, it glows.

   Get some copper paint and paint a small line across the insulator of a spark
plug in a car.	They'll never find it.

   If your loser gets a parking ticket, get it before he sees it.  Then get a
stamp flicking the cops off.  Send it in with no money.

   If you dislike a pet hater, here's one.  Advertise that you(the loser) wuold
like to buy all unwanted strays.  $10 for each one.  Then call the SPCA, telling
them that the loser wants the animals to conduct black masses and pagan rites.

   Laxatives slipped into dogfood does wonders.

   Or better yet, toss some normal meat into the dog-owners yard.  Then call him
up(in a disguised voice) and tell him you saw a suspicious person hanging around
the yard....

   Mail a letter to the Chief Executive detailing the sexual acts you(the loser)
would like to commit, the Secret Service investigates this with no humor.

   PA systems in department stores are great.  Just walk up to a deserted unit,
look around, then deliver the most disgusting statement you can think of.

   Call about thirty people, telling them they just won a sweepstakes.	Answer
the questions, no obligation, it's just to show how generous people are.  Then
give the losers phone number to call for more info.

   Remember two things, hot metal and hot glass do not look different from cool.
(as long as it's not too hot)

   Western Telegram has a check on everything going through.  Certain key words
trip alarms.  Guns, Drugs, Sex, Terrorist, etc all ring bells.	Have fun

   ***************************************
Ok, I guess that's then end of the good ones. I left all the destructive ones.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     the             Progressive Underground
   Although I haven't    ||||||\\ |||   ||| |||||\\         Dissidents
    heard from him,      |||   )))|||   ||| |||  \\\  3 1 3 - 4 3 3 - 3 1 6 4
   maybe this file's     ||||||// |||   ||| |||   )))  Running: Citadel v2.17
 author would =WANT= you |||      |||   ||| |||  /// About 20 Megs of TextFiles
       to call...        |||       \\|||//  ||||||/   and the SysOp is Mr. Pez.


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
