

This is an excerpt from the BIG BROTHER GAME on opening safes via the "sound"
method.  Granted, this approach will not work on many safes, but keep in mind
all the ones that it will...  Of course, this is presented as A MATTER OF 
GENERAL INFORMATION and is by no means meant to be used for any purposes other
than those of utmost legality.

						Nick Fury 



Some safes can be opened by sound, much as in the movies, but most that were
manufactured, after the mid 60's are not susceptible to the following method:

A high gain amplifier is used.  A small, direct-coupled amplifier can be 
purchased for about 5 dollars from the various electronic supply houses.  A
contact microphone (i.e. one that "hears" vibrations rather than actual sound)
should be employed.  BE SURE to use a matching transformer if the impedances 
do not match; and in a pinch, a crystal phone cartridge can be employed as a 
contact microphone.

Place the contact mic on the safe, near the dial.  Now, turn the dial 5 times
to the left to clear it.  Now, turn back towards the right.  On the first
revolution, you should hear a distinct click as the cam and lever engage.
Read the number.  This will be the opening number, or the last number dialed
to open the safe.

Continue turning to the right.  Youi will hear an additional click during the
next 4 or 5 turns.  This indicates how many tumblers you are actually dealing
with.  Most safes will have 3, but some will have 4 or 5.

While you are determining the number of tumblers, disregard the drop-in click
that occurs at the opening number on each turn.

Our turning the dial to the right 5 times also perfons another duty; it clears
the mechanism.  This means that the dial has picked up all the tumblers and is
moving them in rotation with the dial.

After jour five turns to the right, wo move the dial about 10 points BEYOND 
the opening number.  If the opening number is 15, wi would move to 25 and
stop.  Now we move back to the exact opening number.

This procedure puts the opening lever and cam in position to open the safe
(although the tumblers are not lined up so it will not open) now at this 
point, you can rock the safe dial back and forth without actually turning it.

This rocking motion causes the lever to click against the tumblers (through
the lever slot).  This clicking can be heard by the manipulater in his ear
phones.  The whole secret here is the noise will vary depending on the number
of tumblers the lever is clicking against.  (Much like the difference in
hitting three notes on the piano at the same time, or just hitting one.)

Should we have happened to line one of the tumbler slots under the lever, the 
sound will be that of the lever clicking only two tumblers (as the lever will
fit into the slot of the lined up tumbler, creating no sound).

Each time we rock the dial to make the lever-tumbler combination click we 
(assuming that there was NO difference in the sound) move the dial back to
the right where it picks up the tumblers and number to realign the lever-cam
slot, and repeats the rocking motion.

When you hear a sound difference, (indicating that the tumbler slot is lined
up) you turn the dial back to the right until the click indicating the cam has
picked up the tumblers.  Now immediately stop and read the number that is
lined up when you hear this click.

This is one of the combination numbers.

Now continue to the right 2 digits past the last try and move the dial back to
the opening number and repeat the procedure.  Do this until you have all the
combination numbers.

Now, we know the opening number is the final number, but we don't know what 
order the combination numbers are arranged, so you will have to try all 9
(assuming 3 combinations and one opening number) possible variations.  One
will open the safe.

Some times you will have to move the dial a couple of points beyond the 
opening number to get the cam to retract the bolt and open the lock.

Some locks open to the right, i.e.	R four turns  22
					L three turns 18
					R two turns   46
					L to opening  15

Some will be the opposite (L-R-L-R).

Most locks will open no matter which way it is turned, however, a rough
guideling is:
			Sargent....right
			Diebold....right
			Yale.......left
			Mosler.....left

This sort of technique will not work on high quality modern safes as they 
employ nylon tumblers, sound baffles, and devices to prevent the lever from
touching the tumblers until ready to open.  Because of this, the good agent
will have a couple of alternative methods in his repertoire.


=======An Informative Fyl Presented Specifically for P-80 SYSTEMS INT'L=======


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
