
HOW TO SCAM A FREE PIZZA FROM PIZZA PIZZA!
.ritten by ERIC THE RED                 January 18, 1993


NOTE: It's important that you read this file from the beginning right
through to the end.  Although I tried to put headers everywhere, there's
still information that you need to know before scamming which is scattered
throughout the file!


First of all, here's some general information on Pizza Pizza:

When a pizza goes free, for whatever reason, the driver NEVER has to pay for
it.  Depending on the nature of the "free", either the store (franchisee)
pays, or the Pizza Pizza head office pays.  For those of you who may have a
problem scamming the hard working franchisee, and would prefer to only scam
the head office, I will go over the different types of "frees".

"Late Free"
This is when the pizza is late because of a problem at the store, or on the
road.  The store pays for this one.

"Store Free"
This is when the store has to send out a new order because they made a
mistake on the first one.  The store does not have to give a refund, but if
they do, the complaint against the store will be removed (if a store gets too
many complaints, the head office can "punish" them).  Obviously, the store
pays for this one too.

"Smile Free"
As far as I know, these no longer exist.  One of the head guys at Pizza Pizza
who used to run the marketing department (and might still) came up with a
policy that the driver MUST smile or the order would be free.  This policy
was scammed left, right, and center!  People would call and say the driver
didn't smile (even though the driver insisted that he did).  They would get
their order free.  What happened then, was as soon as somebody got a "smile
free", a note was added to their file.  If this person called again to say
the driver didn't smile, they were told TOO BAD!  The people who called to
say the driver didn't smile when it really was true got shafted and were
indirectly called liars.  Obviously, this policy was stupid.  When the
company realized this, they let it fizzle out.  It was never offically
"over", but you can bet they won't give you a free pie if the driver doesn't
smile!  BTW, I'm not sure who paid for this, but my guess would be the store.

"OPD Free"
OPD stands for Order Processing Department.  This is when the person taking
your order makes a mistake and your pizza is late.  It used to always be paid
for by the head office (since it was a head office employee who screwed up).
I've heard that the company changed the policy so that the store has to pay
half.  Since this is totally unfair to the store, I'd be surprised if it's
not back to the old way where the company pays 100%.

"Technical Free"
Have you ever ordered a pizza and been told there's no guarantee due to
technical problems?  Well, before they know there's technical problems,
hundreds of orders get lost and never make it to the store.  Since these
orders were guaranteed 30 minutes or free, they are given free.  The head
office pays for this one.

"Requested Free"
It's a little known fact, but if you call up and simply request a free pizza,
you'll get one.  Well, okay, so I lied... I wanted to see if you were paying
attention or not... :-)

"No-Fault Free" / "Disputed Free"
Originally, it was called "no-fault" meaning it's nobody's fault. (Duh!)
Later, it was renamed to "disputed".  Pizza Pizza has a no hassle policy.
Nobody would know this however, since all the drivers hassle the customers
when they're late...  In any case, if somebody says the pizza is late and the
driver says it's not, the driver must give the customer the pizza free (no
hassle).  Even if you call up and say, "My pizza's late" and according to the
computer it's only been 29 minutes, you are supposed to get it free.  Of
course, if you call after 20 minutes, it wouldn't work.  The store and the
head office split the cost 50/50.


You might wonder what Pizza Pizza keeps on file about the customer.  Well,
here's a brief description about what a "file" looks like:

                                                        STORE  6

1. PHONE #    9671111
2. ADDRESS    580 JARVIS ST
3. APT NO.    
4. ENTRY DATE 010173       CONFIRM ALL
5. NAME       John Smith
6. SPEC INST  Back Door!
7. REPEATS    400   S-P.FM.GP,O\A/      Credit $5.00

                     xxx WELLESLEY ST E
                     CHURCH / WELLESLEY


                                                OK?

When you call to order a pizza, the operator enters your phone number on line
one.  If you have a file (if you've ordered in the past 8 months or so), it
will pop up.  If not, he or she will create one.

On line 2, it keeps your address, or the store you last picked up at.  If you
order a pizza for pickup, the "580 JARVIS ST" would be changed to "STORE 6".
Once changed, Pizza Pizza has NO record of your address.  Remember this,
because it's important.

Line 3 is obvious.  If you live in an apartment, or a townhouse, the unit
number (and entry code if you have one) would go on this line.

Line 4 keeps the date of your first order.  You'll also notice the "CONFIRM
ALL".  This space is used for important notes.  Confirm all means they will
call you back EVERY time you order (unless the operator doesn't see this). 
Most customers have nothing like that on their files.  Other comments might
be "WATCH SCAMS", or "OTHER PHONE # IS 555-1212", etc...

Line 5 is for the customer's name or the name of the business.  If it's a
business, then the customer's name is entered on line 6.

Line 6 is for SPECial INSTructions.  This could be anything... "BACK DOOR",
"KNOCK ON WINDOW", "MAKE SURE THERE'S LOTS OF CHEESE", etc...

Line 7 keeps track of how many times people at your phone number have
ordered.  It also keeps track of the LAST order.  The example above is of a
small pizza with pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, double green peppers, one half
with onions, the other half with anchovies.  You'll also notice the word
Credit and $5.00.  You get a credit when there's a mistake with your order.
Let's say you get green peppers instead of red peppers.  It's not a big deal,
but you call anyway.  You certainly don't want to wait another 20 minutes for
a replacement pizza, so Pizza Pizza will issue you a credit for your next
order.  Some credits are as low as $0.20, while others can be as high as $50.
In some extreme cases, there have been credits for $300.  Don't ask me why...
What's funny is that alot of people get a credit and forget.  The operators
don't remind you of this.  If you forget you have a credit, then you'll never
know again!

Below the main part of the file is the store which either delivers to you, or
that you are picking up at.  In the example I'm using, it's store #6 at
Church & Wellesley.

At the "OK?" prompt, the operator can enter a question mark (?) and it will
display your "complaint history".  This includes all credits, complaints, and
free pizzas.  It is wiped clean after 8 months or so of inactivity.  This is
important to know too.

If a double question mark (??) is entered at the "OK?" prompt, a note
regarding the customer can be displayed.  Very few (way less than 1%)
customers have anything written here.  This space is used for major scammers.
Sometimes, it's used for employees of Pizza Pizza who like to scam pizzas!
Remember the idiot who came up with the "Smile Free" policy?  Well, his
daughter who used to work there was a MAJOR scammer... She was pretty fat
too, but that's besides the point.  :-)

Did you realize that ALL that information was kept on people?  Well, that's
not all!  If you've EVER paid using visa, mastercard, or american express,
that information stays on file too.

Funny, isn't it?  When you order a pizza, you have to give your phone number,
then you're asked for your address (even though the operator is looking right
at it).  Sometimes they may ask you for your name, just to make sure the file
is correct, no other reason!  When you pay with your credit card, you have to
read out the card # and the expiry date (even though the operator is looking
right at it too).  Some operators may be jerks and make you read the name on
the card too!


Now that you have an idea of what's on file, and what the operator sees, I
will continue...

Here's some information about how the Pizza Pizza system is set up.  When you
call 427-1111, or 847-1111, or 454-1111, it's forwarded to 967-1111 (which is
probably what most of you call to begin with).  From there (downtown on
Jarvis St), the calls are DIVERTED to other companies.  From these other
companies, the calls are diverted to people's homes.  This is something new.
A year ago, it didn't work this way:  all the operators were in one room
downtown on Jarvis St.

Besides the operators who take your orders, there are customer service staff
(who work at an office in Scarborough) who deal with complaints, etc., and
technical staff (who still work downtown on Jarvis St) who take care of
computer oriented problems.  Again, a year ago, the customer service staff
worked on Jarvis with the regular operators.

The current setup has advantages and disadvantages over the old setup when it
comes to scamming free food.  I will go over the differences, and then get
into the scams themselves (finally! :-) )...

With the old setup, the operators were paid literally twice as much (maybe a
little more) than the home operators.  That's probably why they are on strike
right now...  The company wants to pay them $6.45 an hour without bonuses
instead of the $10.21 an hour, plus commission, plus bonuses, plus shift
premiums, plus benefits (dental, eyecare, etc) that they were getting last
year...  Anyway, that's neither here nor there.

Because the operators are paid so little now, the quality of the work has
gone way downhill.  Most of the home operators are not very smart.  I'm
surprised they are able to turn on their terminals by themselves. :-)
The company knows this, and won't think twice about blaming an operator for a
mistake.  This is good.

What's bad is that the customer service people are not much smarter, and
therefore provide shitty customer service.  Some of them do their jobs all
right, but some of them are completly useless.  If you wind up dealing with
someone who's completly useless, you run the risk of not getting your food
for free.

A good thing about the new setup is that communication between the customer
service people and individual operators becomes difficult.  With the old way,
the customer service agent simply had to walk over to the operator.  This
means that they can no longer ask the operator questions about YOUR order.
They can't ask the operator if the order sounded suspicious or anything...


Okay!  Now for the scams themselves...

PREPERATION FOR A SCAM:

Some scams you can do whenever you want.  Some you must make sure everything
is in order.  It's generally a good idea to do this.  When setting up files
for a scam, make sure you do it a minimum of one week before the date of the
scam.  This way, Pizza Pizza will have no record of the "setup order" (they
keep the previous 7 days' orders on file).

A "setup order" is a phoney order you will place so that you can be sure the
file which you will be using for your scam is setup exactly the way you want
it to be.

There is a rumor (from a somewhat reliable source) that Pizza Pizza now
traces calls.  Although from what I hear the operators don't see your number
(it's just recorded into a file for harrassing calls, etc), you can never be
too sure.  If you have call block, you may want to use it, just for peace of
mind if nothing else.  If you don't have call block, don't let this paragraph
scare you, Pizza Pizza can do nothing to you!

THE SCAMS THEMSELVES:

"N/A DOOR"
The not at door scam is one of the worst scams to do.  Don't do it from your
house.  If you do end up getting away with it (there's a 50/50 chance), there
will be a note placed on your file ("CONFIRM ALL" or "WATCH N/A DOOR SCAMS",
or something similar).  Like with all scams, the chances of getting away with
it are increased if you have an established file.  If you want to do this
one, do it from a friend's house and let them worry about the note on the
file!

To establish a file prior to scamming, call and order a pizza for pickup.
Give the phone number you will be using, and a store in the area.  The phone
exchange you use must be in the same area of the store or your scams will NOT
work.  Make up a name (and write it down for when it comes time to scam).
Order a small pizza with a few toppings and pay by cash.  You will be given
a 20 minute or free guarantee.  If something goes wrong and they tell you
somebody will be calling you back for whatever reason, don't worry.  If it's
your phone number, wait for them to call back and then tell them YES, you did
order.  If it's not your phone number, and they tell you somebody is calling
you back, try again using a different phone number.  Once you get an order
placed, wait 2 or 3 minutes, then call back and cancel it.

What this does is create a file with a name and one repeat.  You are now an
established customer (even though you cancelled your order).  You can use
this file after a week without ANY problems.

NOTE:  You must order for pickup, not delivery.  If you order for delivery
and there's a different address on file than the one you're given, you'll
wind up with problems.

To do the N/A DOOR scam, order a pizza for delivery to the address you're at.
If you are using somebody else's phone number, you must make sure that the
line is either busy, or keeps ringing.  After you order, the driver will show
up with your food about 20-25 minutes later.  When he rings the doorbell, do
not answer.  Wait until he goes back to the store.  When he gets back, he
will call you.  Answer the phone (if it's yours) and tell him you're home.
When he tells you he was just there, argue with him.  Tell him he wasn't
because you'd know if somebody rang your doorbell or not.  If it's not your
phone, don't worry.  He won't be back within the 30 minutes, so call Pizza
Pizza back and tell them you'd like to speak with customer service.  If you
are told that somebody will call you back, tell them you called 5 minutes ago
and you were told somebody was going to call you back then, and nothing's
happened since.  Insist on being "transfered" to customer service.  If the
operator refuses to transfer you, hang up, and try again.

When you speak with customer service, explain to them that your pizza is
late.  They will have on file that the driver went to your house and there
was no answer.  You may have to argue a little, but INSIST that you were
home!  Don't get rude or anything.  Try and sound a little upset, that's all.
Say things like, "I thought you advertise 30 minutes or free?" and those sort
of things.  Eventually, the customer service agent should give it to you
free.  If he doesn't, despite all your insisting, then that's tough luck.  I
told you this wasn't a very good scam to begin with.

Of course, you're not homefree yet.  When the driver arrives, he will have no
indication on the receipt that your order is free (since he left the store
before you spoke with customer service).  You may have to argue with him, or
even call customer service back and let him speak with them.  In any case, if
customer service has told you it's free, then it is.  One good thing that can
happen with scams is that the driver will be such an asshole, that the
customer service agent will give you the order free, and issue a credit for
your next order.  But hey! Don't get your hopes up.  :-)

NOTE:  When the driver comes the first time, make sure that you're not
hanging out on the porch or anything.  Don't let him see you.  Also, he will
most likely leave something in your mailbox or door.  After he leaves, you
can decide to leave it alone, or take it down (and deny it was ever there).
It doesn't make much difference one way or the other.

"WRONG ORDER"
Again, this is not a very good scam.  I figured I mention them just so you
know they're not very good.  You'll be lucky to get much out this scam.  You
simply call back and say you got the wrong toppings (ie. you got olives
instead of peppers).  Of course, you would have ordered the olives (and
wanted them).  You just say that you order peppers.  You may get a credit,
you may get a replacement.  The chances of getting a free are very slim.  If
you're at somebody else's house, this can be okay.  If somebody has paid for
a pizza, you can eat HALF of it and get a replacement without any hassle.
The problem is that you have to wait another 30 minutes for your new
replacement.

"WRONG ADDRESS"
This is a good scam.  It will usually work without problems, providing that
you're using a "clean file".  A clean file is a file without notes like
"WATCH SCAMS" on them.  Again, you must setup the file prior to doing this
scam.  If the file you will be using already exists, you still MUST call and
make a pickup order.  This ensures that the address is removed from the file.
When it's time to scam (and the address on line 2 has been changed to "STORE
xxx"), call and order for delivery.  Instead of giving your street number,
give one that sounds similar. (ie. 15 instead of 50, or even 32 instead of 2)

NOTE:  Do not give a street number that is too far away from your number.
Giving 2333 Yonge St. instead on 333 Yonge St. would not work.  Also, make
sure the address you give DOES EXIST.  If there is no such address, the
driver may know and call you back right away!  If this happens, they will
either get no answer, or a busy signal (if you used a number other than your
own), or else they will be able to talk with you.  Regardless, the scam is
over if this happens.

With this scam, the driver will call you when he returns to the store after
finding out that the people at the address you gave didn't order.  It doesn't
really matter if he calls before or after the 30 minutes.

Before I continue about the driver calling you, let me remind you that as
soon as the 30 minutes is up, call customer service and say, "My pizza's
late!".  When they quote the address that they have on file, you say, "Oh no.
That's not MY address!  My address is...."  You may have to argue a little,
but not much.  The customer service agent should say something like, "Oh. The
operator must have typed the address in wrong, I'll have it sent out right
away."  At this point ask how long it will take.  Then say that you "hope
it's free".  Again, don't be rude.  Just try and sound upset, that's all.

When the driver calls you, if it's not your number, you don't have to worry.
Of course, when scamming, it is best to use your number, but when it's not
possible, a made up number in the same area which nobody answers will do.
If it is your number, answer the phone like you normally would.  He will
identify himself and tell you he just tried to deliver your food, and that
either nobody was home, or else the people said they didn't order anything.
At this point, tell him that you've been home since you ordered the pizza and
that nobody has showed up.  He will confirm the address with you.  That's
when you say, "No, that's not my address."  With the drivers, you can be a
little more "pissed off", and less "upset" (if you know what I mean).  Don't
tell the driver if you've already spoken to customer service.  Also, don't
mention anything about the order being free.  Just let him send it back out.

By the time he gets to the correct address, you will have already spoken to
customer service and been told that the order is in fact free.  Again, the
driver will most likely dispute this.  If he does, call customer service back
and let him speak to them.  He will get upset with them, and then give you
the pizza for free.  I wouldn't blame you for not tipping the driver for
hassling you like that.  :-)

"TIME DISPUTE"
This isn't a very good scam.  It's rather simple and requires alot of arguing
with both the driver, and customer service.  There's a 50/50 chance of
getting your pizza free.  When the pie arrives, tell the driver it's late.
Try to argue with him for as long as possible before calling customer
service.  If you can stall him until it's been about 32 minutes after the
time you placed your order, you have a pretty good chance of getting a free.
If you can't stall him past the 32 minute mark, your chances are less.  If
you end up calling customer service before 30 minutes is up, be prepared to
argue.  You can always say things like, "I thought you had a hassle free
policy."  And, "Well, it sounds like you're hassling me."  And, "This isn't
very good customer service here.", etc...

The reason I say this scam isn't good is because it doesn't ALWAYS work.  (Of
course none of them will work 100%, but you know what I mean)  If the driver
comes after 25 minutes, you have a chance at a free.  If he's any earlier,
you're chances are minimal.

"WRONG STORE"

This is the easiest, and my favourite!  I've seen this one done over 20 times
in the past 3 months.  It has NEVER failed once.  That's not to say that it
won't mind you!  Again, set up a file for a pickup.  This gets a little more
complicated, and you obviously need somebody with a car to drive to the
store(s).  Yes, that's right, store with an 's'.  There are two stores
involved in this scam, and you may end up visiting both of them.  It can go
either way.

You can do this scam in any area.  You just have to make sure that the phone
number is in the two store's area.  An example would be FINCH & WARDEN, and
FINCH & VICTORIA PARK, and a 49x exchange.  When picking your two stores, try
and get them on the same street.  Have a peek in the phone book under "PIZZA
PIZZA" and all the stores will be listed.

Assuming that you've setup your file over 7 days ago, call Pizza Pizza and
place a pickup order for one of the stores.  To make it easier on you, when
placing your original "setup order", use the store that you will using in
this scam.

When making your order, don't fuck up.  In other words, be prepared:  Write
down the information on paper prior to ordering.  This goes for all scams.
You don't want to sound stupid so that they will have the order confirmed.
Also, don't make a huge order either.  Try and keep it below $20.

Wait 10 minutes after you place the order and then proceed to the other
store.  DO NOT GO TO THE STORE THAT YOU ORDERED FOR.  IF YOU ORDER FOR PICKUP
AT VICTORIA PARK & FINCH, THEN YOU MUST GO TO WARDEN & FINCH!  When you
arrive at the "wrong" store, tell them you are hear to pickup your food.

NOTE:  Memorize the phone number and the name you gave.  The store will call
head office and ask you for your phone number.  It would not look good if you
have to check a piece of paper for your phone number.  If you can't memorize
a 7 digit phone number, then you're an idiot and you should ask the person
who's reading this to you to stop. :-)

The guy will tell you that your food is at the store down the street.  You
tell him that you ordered for THIS STORE, not the one down the street.  Tell
him that you want your food from THIS STORE, not the one down the street.

At this point, a number of things can happen.  I will try and cover them all
below:

He might tell you that you must go to the other store to get your food.  He
might tell you that he can make it for you at this store.  If he does then
you say "It better be free."  Act pissed off.  When he says it's not free,
demand to speak to the person he's speaking with.  (That would be customer
service)  Explain to the customer service agent that you walked to the
store.  Explain that you always order from this store.  (Obviously don't park
your car in front of the store when you go there)  The agent may tell you
that the operator made a mistake, and still insist that you have to pick up
your food from down the street.  Tell her that it better be free.  Explain
that you've been waiting over 20 minutes already, and that it's too bad that
THEY screwed up, but a guarantee's a guarantee.

You may have to argue for a while.  On the other hand, you may not have to.

You may decide to go to the other store and get the food from there.  You may
decide to have the guy make it up at the store you're at.  I've even seen it
happen where the other store has delivered the food to the store you're at.

I can't say what's better, or what will happen.  The only thing you have to
do before okaying anything is make sure that your order will be free.  Do not
give up arguing at all.

Like I mentioned earlier, so far this scam has worked 100% over 20 times.
The hardest time was when a customer service agent admitted that THEY screwed
up, but that there was nothing she could do.  It took over 10 minutes of
arguing before she would be reasonable.

"CREDIT CARD FRAUD"

If you are a good "carder" then you wouldn't even consider carding a pizza.
That would be stupid.  The risk is not worth a $15 food order.  However if
still want to bother trying, here's the simplest way to card a pizza:

Order a pizza for delivery to an apartment building.  After 15 minutes, make
sure you're in the lobby (YES, 15 minutes).  When the driver arrives, let him
in.  Don't let him call up.  Explain that you came down to meet him since
there's been problems with the buzzers lately.  He may ask you show him the
credit card.  If he does, act pissed off and say, "It's upstairs man... Do I
really have to get it?  I use it all the time with you people."  If he
insists on seeing it, then the scam is over.  It failed.  Tell him to hang
on.  Go out a back door or something.  Don't let him come up with you,
because obviously there's nowhere to go.

I find this scam stupid.  You are not fucking with Pizza Pizza anymore.
You are fucking with the law!  And for what?  A crummy pizza...

I personally know three people who used to always scam pizzas from pizza from
Pizza Pizza on credit cards.  One got busted for doing pizza pizza to his
house.  Another got busted for other carding.  The third one got busted cause
his mother found out and ratted on him!  (Sad, but funny!  :) )


A few extra notes:

Well, that concludes the scams.  The only ones you really need are the "WRONG
ADDRESS" one, and the "WRONG STORE" one.  A good idea is to make about 20
"setup files" over the next couple of days.  It doesn't matter if you plan to
scam next week, or next month.  If you make them now, you'll be all set for
when you decide to scam.

I hope that I've explained everything clear enough so that you shouldn't have
too many problems.  Overall, it's pretty simple.  If you try and it doesn't
work, try again at another store, or another address, using another phone
number.  It's no big deal.  Once you get the hang of it, and learn not to be
nervous while scamming, it'll be a piece of cake... Or a slice of pizza... :)


Cleaning a file:

I mentioned a "clean file" is a file without notes on line 4 saying "CONFIRM
ALL", and "WATCH SCAMS", etc.  Well, that's not all.  Remember how the
operator can enter a question mark (?) at the "OK?" prompt to display a
file's complaint history?  Well, that makes a file "unclean" too.  After you
scam with a file, move on to another one.  Although you can use the same one
over, it gets harder each time.  After about 8 months, the file will be
"clean" once again.

If you're worried about using your own file because you do like to order
pizza now and then and actually pay for it (sometimes you don't have the time
or energy to scam), don't be.  You will always be able to order from Pizza
Pizza even after scamming a couple times.  Of course, if you beat the shit
out the driver, you might get blacklisted.  Don't laugh!  It happens.  One
driver was even shot in the head.  You'd think they'd learn not to argue with
the customers!

If you want to have line 4 ("CONFIRM ALL", etc.) removed, there is a way, but
it doesn't always work.  The reason it doesn't always work is every operator
has a different "style" of entering information.  Some may put all the
information in the file, while others may put half of it in the body of the
order (with your food & drinks).

In any case, here's how one would attempt to "clean" a file:

Call and say you'd like to order for delivery.  When they ask for your
address, tell them you're in a hospital.  The name of the hospital is the
"Orthepedic & Arthritic Hospital".  If they want the address of the hospital,
tell them you don't know it, and repeat the hospital's name again.  They may
ask questions if your phone exchange is not in the Yonge & Wellesley area.
Tell them that number forwards the calls to your room and it's the only
number you know.

What's the reason for this?  In Pizza Pizza's "street file", one of the
longest "addresses" is that hospital.  That means the text takes up the
maximum # of characters allowed on line 2.

Your next step is to give a room number with at least 5 digits.  What the
hell!  I doubt the operator would dispute you if you told her you were in
room G-52031. :-)  This will hopefully take up most of the characters on line
3.  The reason I use the word "hopefully" is because the operator may decide
to put this information in the body of the order instead of on line 3.

Now, give instructions on how to get to the room.  Make something up, like go
to the "G" wing and go to "block" 52.  Then dial ext 5443 and you'll meet the
driver there.  Of course this is completly bogus, but the operator doesn't
know this.  Give her a bogus name too.  Make it as long as possible.  Also,
spell it for her slowly and tell her that the driver must have your name to
get to the "G" wing.

That's it...  Once this is done, tell her that you've changed your mind, and
that you'll call back in a couple hours or something. (Or you can just hang
up on her)

What you have done is filled the file to capacity.  It is too full to hold
the comment on line 4, and line 4 disappears...  Good system, eh?

Of course, this is kind of a screwy process, but if you want to get rid of
line 4 (if you suspect there's something on it) that's how it's done!


Now for a few final notes:

If you're not a creative person, you won't have too much luck with these
scams.  What I mean to say is that if you can't come up with answers on the
spot, pretending to be a real customer, then you're fucked.  What I've
gone over in this file is the method of doing things.  It is not a script
which you follow word for word.  You will have to do your own thinking too.
To make it easy, just pretend that you are a REAL customer and think about
how you'd react if they REALLY screwed up and this was happening to you.
You'd most likely be outraged if the food was not free after they screwed up,
and that's exactly how you have to be when you're scamming!


NOW GET THE FUCK OUT THERE AND SCAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


If there's any questions... I'm around...
 
Later!


Origin:

The MAZE of TORMENT
Commodore 64 bbs (416)/490-8395
Anti-Censorship bbs / Anything goes

