
        _________________________________________________
       /-------------------------------------------------\
      {--\_____________________________________________/--}
       \__\                                           /__/
          |                  Stryper                 |
          |                     &                    |
          |     The Knights Of The White Circle      |
          |                                          |
          |                 Presents:                |
          |                                          |
          |             Death the Sick way           |
          |                 Part # One               |
          \__\____________________________________/__/


     Well, as you know, these files are for fun and such.  But if you are
like me, you don't care about small little things like steeling and petty
anarchy.  However, you're mind (If in any way like mine), you like to hear
about things that most people don't like to think about.  Well, here are a
few things that come to mind.  Don't try these at home, or anywhere else.
These are just to be sick, nothing more.

/>Sadisticly Ruining someones day<\

  First, take someone you don't like.  I'll think of a name and use it as an
"Example."  Uhm, lets see... How bout Gil... Yes Gil will do just fine.  Well
first you get the person to some out of the way place, like the desert.   Now
Our imaginary friend gil will be our subject for torture.  If Gil didn't come
nicely you, more then likely, you'll have to hit him over the head with
something hard...  A 2 tone wieght would be nice, but in this case, a steel
rench will do.  Of course, if you have rendered Gil unconsious, then hand
cuffing him will be easy.

  Things to bring

  1) Gun Powder or other Fuse Lit PipeBombs.  (Just small enough to fit into
ones buttux. )

  2) Oil(Mixed in gas preferably) for lubercat.

  3) Razor Blades  (Two is the all you'll need, but bring a spare)

  4) Pins & Needles

  5) Something that smells real bad

  6) Lighter and other odds and ends I didn't think of

  7) Duck Tape

Now, Gil should be handcuffed, so once you get to the place in the desert,
he'll be more then ready for his execution.  Now, hit him again, or use
sleeping (or something) gas, so he'll be asleep for at least an hour.

Once you find the place, drag Gil somewhere no easily seen from air (If there
are any...)  Now, if you're gay or something, you can go ahead and have your
way with him.  I'm sure a gag will muffle any objections.  Next, pull off his
pants and other clothing.  Now, you know those pins?  Well, stick a couple
through his nipples, twist a couple times.  If he doesn't die from shock, it'll
definitely wake him up.  Now, Duck tape his feet, and take those two razer
blaids and tape them too the cuffs.  Make sure you tape it so that if he
really wants, he can cut his own rists insted of what we have in store for
him.   Now, take a long strip of duck tape (Bout two feet long) and tape his
head back.  Make sure he can hear though, wouldn't want him to miss the
mently torture of hearing you tell him about all the things you hate about
him.  Now for the Jiffy Lub..  Take the oil/gas mixture and lub up his
asshole.  (If you are gay and pumped him in the ass already, lub him anyway,
gas and oil bumage.  Now, take a pipe bomb, this
should have at least a three foot fuse.  (Slow burning)  Now, take the
Pipebomb, (Here is where you dirty your hands) take two fingures, and OPEN
his asshole as far as you can without ripping it.  Now shove that Pipebomb up
there.  Now should it not fit, take that third razer blaid I recomended and
lengthen his asshole about a half an inch. (Or until it fits)

Take the rest of those pins and needles and poke them into Gils back.  In all
shorts of disigns.  Now, rap the fuse around the needles.

The stuff that smells real back should be poured into his face.  If there
is any spare skin on the body, take about four foot of duck tape and rap it
around to something so he can't leave.   You might also want to piss on your
victems face, just make sure the fuse is dry.

 Now, Light the fuse, and tell the victem something really nice.. Like "This
is just a joke."  Spit on him, and say, "The jokes on you."

                             And ByeBye Mother Phucker.
                             Now, watch the fire works, and Enjoy.

                             More to come!

Boards to call
____________________________________________________________________________
The Mustang Ranch BBS  (415)443-3686
POPnet San Ramone      (415)830-1191
The Party Line         (415)447-0963
____________________________________________________________________________


LOOK
Be looking out for part two, comming your way soon!
                           %\%Stryper%\%
                             Aka:Mr.Dr. Leppard



