                                                                               
          How to make the Smelliest stink-Bomb of ALL!
                 By The HitMen, Vito and Vinnie
               (Whose last names end in a vowel)

Iron-sulfide stink solution is sold for 98 cents for a 1/8 ounce bottle in 
joke shops but for about $1.00 a quart you can make your own with little 
problem.  The active ingredient is ammonium sulfide which stinks to high 
heaven like rotten eggs or a full outhouse in summertime especially if it is 
spilled on the floor or vaporized by an explosion or sprayer.

To make some, you mix four ounces of sulfur with eight ounces of hydrated lime 
in a stew pot (at least half-gallon capacity).  A quart of water is added and 
the mess is heated and stirred until the sulfur has completely blended.  The 
hydrated lime will sink to the bottom of the pan and yellow liquid is then 
poured off into a bucket.

Take the bucket outside, if you have any sense, and add one pound of sulfate 
of ammonia.  Stir it a minute and hold your nose.  Then cover the bucket with 
plastic wrap and let it set for about a half hour.  Then pour off the liquid 
slowly through a cloth filter into a bottle.  If you don't have an outside you 
can use your bathroom.  Just hope no one has to go for an hour or so.  The 
liquid is vile but it is not poison.

Sulfur may be obtained from rose dust (an insecticide) which is very high 
grade and makes excellent gunpowder.  Rose dust has 10% inert ingredients so 
10% more should be added to any formula requiring sulfur.  Rose dust and 
sulfate of ammonia (a fertilizer) may be purchased in the garden department of 
a home improvement/hardware store.  Hydrated lime is obtained in the building 
supply department where cement is sold.  The total cost of the ingredients is 
less than ten dollars.

Stinkum is either poured on the floor, shot from a water pistol, thrown in a 
bottle (or light bulb) or vaporized by a firecracker in a plastic bottle.  A 
fun method in a crowded public restroom is to go into a toilet stall and shut 
the door.  Hold your breath and pour a large quantity on a loose wad of toilet 
paper.  Toss the wad on the floor behind the toilet and  quickly exit the 
restroom.




X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Salted Slug Systems                      Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           408-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
