


  

     

                                                                           
                                                                          
             Silent Pholks International Prezent           
                                                                          
                 ... Anarchy In The Snow ...               
                                                                          
                    Written By: The Ninja                  
                                                                          
                       Exclusively For:                              
           The Restaurant at the End of the Universe    
               Rocky Hill, New Jersey 609-921-1994         
                    10 Megs BBS/AE/Cat-Fur                                       
    



                  ... Anarchy In The Snow ...



  Winter Time!  Sleigh bells, Santa Claus, Egg Nog, and blood.  What a
combination.  Sounds fun right?  I know it does.  What else is there better to
do in Winter time than to throw an iceball full of "Fun Snaps" at the Salvation
Army Santa on your corner?  In this file I will share with you some of the more
enjoyable, if not sadistic things to do in the snow.

  Everyone knows how much fun it is to throw a snowball at a car when it drives
by.  Well next time try it with a big rock packed hard in the center of the
snowball.  Boy will the driver get a surprise when the snowball goes right
through his window!

  This one takes a little time to do.  The invention is called a "Funnelator"
and was inveted by my brother and a few drunken friends one summer.  It was
originally designed for long distance water baloon shooting, but since then i
have found that it works for iceballs just as well.

          Here's what you need:

               1>  a good sized funnel
               2>  about 15 feet of surgical tubing
               3>  1 foot of 2 cm diameter rope
               4>  a washer

          Construction Directions:

  1> Take the funnel and poke 4 holes in it with a screwdriver.  The holes
should be about 2 inches apart.  2 on each side of funnel.

  2> Cut the surgical tubing into 2 large equal sized pieces.  Place one end of
each end into the holes.  It should look like a sort of slingshot by now.

  3> Tie the ends of the surgical tubing together <on each side> in GOOD TIGHT
knots.

  4> Take the rope and place the ends the ends through the washer and tie a
knot.  Pull the other end through the narrow end of the funnel.  This is your
HANDEL for pulling the funnelator back.

          How To Use a Funnelator:

  To use a funnelator to its fullest you should get about 5 people.  Only 3 are
needed at a time but you can get tired after awhile.

  Set up the funnelator like a slingshot.  Two people are the "posts" and the
third pulls back the funnel using one hand over the funnel and the other
pulling the rope.

  For best results, pull back AS FAR AS POSSIBLE <or until your friends arms
break>.  Make sure your friends are not standing that close together <or you
will have one or two less friends>.

  Aiming is the fun part.  I'm sure you all can figure that out.

               Official Funnelator Records:

                   3 broken ribs on a kid on the beach with a waterbaloon.
                   1 LARGE dent in a car from waterbaloon.
                   Many cc's of blood lost from various faces from iceballs.
                   NUMEROUS windows broken from both ice and waterballoons.


                          Happy Funnelating!!


     Other fun things to do in the snow are:

          Pouring hot water on the snow in the street so it turns to ice faster and
all the cars go flying around the corner.

  Make BIG piles of snow near the curb and stuff an old sweatshirt sleeve with
newspaper to make it look like there is an arm in it.  Put a glove on the end
of the arm securely.  Now take a bottle of ketchup and empty it contents on the
snow pile.  Place the arm on top of the ketchup and cover the arm and the
kethup with snow, but keep them relaively near to the surface.  Make the snow
pile look loike a kind of snow fort.  Wait for the snowplow to come by and
start playing in the fort.  When it gets close enough get out of the way but
start screaming.  When the driver looks down and sees this bloody arm come out
of the snow he'll probably have a coronary.

          One last thing that is VERY FUNNY to see is this:

  This is to be done to someone you have an EXTREME dislike for.  Wait until
they put on their snow tires.  Then the first night it snows go to thier car
with a bag of wet sand and lots of Krazy Glue.  Pack the snow into the grooves
of the tire and then Krazy Glue a layer over the grooves.

  Just wait till they pull out in the morning on an ICY road.  Very Funny!

  I hope that you all have fun trying these ideas and let me know what you
think of them.


                -->* DISCLAIMER *<--

  The author of this Text-File claims absolutley NO <zero, zilch, none, nada>
responsibility for accidents incurred or damages caused by the above
presentations.


           This has been a Silent Pholks Presentation

                             Silently yours,
                                The Ninja
 

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
