 
                   ------------->Stink Bombs<-------------- 
  
     I'm not quite sure of the proportions, but a very effective stink bomb 
can be made from Ammonia and Sulfer, making Ammonium Sulfide.  If somebody 
can figure out the proportions, post a response. Until then, just try mixing 
the two together liberally, and in a very wide open space.  When you have 
the yellowish fluid this produces, fill an eye dropper's worth into a small 
glass container with a lid.  You may use more than an eye dropper, but that 
amount was all it took to completely evacuate the boy's locker room at my 
school and get me suspended for 3 days (plus 2 Sat.Campus Corps, but that 
was fun, because I got to raid lockers all day long!).  A Coke bottle full 
of it would be more than enough to completely evacuate a large building. 
Note that even though there is no fire involved, most cities still consider 
it fire-works, so if you take it to a public place (school, the subway, 
etc.), don't let anyone know about it.  I did, and they narked.  The store I 
got them from got busted too.  Oh well, have phun and be careful! 
  
                            RESULTS OF A STINK BOMB 
                            ----------------------- 
  
     A while back, I posted a formula for a righteous stink bomb, but I 
wasn't sure if it worked.  Well, I have news.  It does, and how!!! A friend 
of mine took a Coke bottle, filled it 3/4 full of ammonia, and added some 
sulfur powder and corked it.  Next, he shook it up, and I think some gas 
might have escaped, but anyway the fluid separates into two layers: a yellow 
layer and a clear layer.  Pour off the clear layer.  He then crept up to a 
neighbor's house who had his windows open since it was such a nice day, and 
he poured the entire bottle in the kitchen window.  About 5 min. later, the 
entire family including the dog was out in the backyard! 
 
 
 
