 
                             ***********************
                             General TRW Information
                             ***********************
 
                           A text file by: Modem Master
 
                           Distributed by: Hawaiian Heat
 
 
 
                             A Short Background on TRW
                             =========================
 
 
     TRW is a large data base in which company's and banks can run credit
checks on their customers.
 
     Example:  John Jones orders five-hundred dollars worth of stereo equipment
from the Joe Blow Electronic Distributtng Company.  Well it could be that he
gave the company a phony credit card number, or doesn't have enough credit,
etc.  Well they call up TRW and then run a check on him, TRW then lists his
card numbers (everything from Sears to Visa) and tells the numbers, credit,
when he lost it last (if he ever did) and then of course tells if he has had
any prior problems paying his bills.
 
     I would also like to add that although TRW contains information on
millions of people, not every part of the country is served, although the major
areas are..  So if you hate someone and live in a small state, you probably
won't be able to order him those three-hundred pink toilet seats from K-Mart.
 
 
Logging on
==========
 
     To log on, you dial-up your local access number (or long-distance, what
ever turns you on) and wait for it to say "TRW" at this promt, you type either
an "A" or a "Ctrl-G" and it will say "circuit building in progress" it will
wait for a minute and then clear thescreen, now you will type one of the
following.
 
Tca1
Tca2
Tnj1
Tga1
 
     This is to tell it what geographical area the customer is in, it really
doesn't matter which you use, because TRW will automatically switch when it
finds the record..
 
     Next, you will type in the pswd and info on the person you are trying to
get credit info on:  you type it in a format like this:
 
Rts Pswd Lname Fname ..., House number First letter of street name Zip <cr> now
you type CTRL S and 2 CTRL Q's here is what it looks like in real life:
 
 
Ae: Dialing xxx-xxx-xxxx
 
(screen clear)
 
TRW ^G
 
circuit building in progress
 
(pause . . . screen clear)
 
Tca1
 
Rtc 3966785-cm5 Johnson David ..., 4567R56785
 
^s ^q ^q
 
Then it will wait for a few seconds and print out the file on him (if it can
locate one for the guy).
 
Note:  You may have to PRESS RETURN when you first connect to get the systems
attention.
 
 
Obtaining Your Passwords
========================
 
     To obtain passwords, go down to your favorite bank or Sears store and dig
through the trash (hence the name trashing) looking for printouts, if they are
a big enough place, and live in a TRW area, then they will probably have some. 
The printouts will have the seven digit subscriber code, leaving the three-four
digit password up to you.  Much like trashing down at good old Ma Bell.
 
 
              
Call C0SMOS systems
-------------------
313-855-0203
 
 
