                    ACCOUNT OF THE USE OF A FORCE GRENADE
                    *************************************
                                     by
                                     **
                                   TYPHON
                                   ******


        This text file is the account of my first attempt at making and
using a Force Grenade as detailed in Anarchy et Discordiae's Book of
Terror (section 4.86) and written by Garbled User.
        I used an empty (500ml) Jolt bottle, filled to the top of the
label with malt vinegar and added the baking soda.
        The baking soda consisted of three little folded pockets of
paper towel which held about a teaspoon of baking soda each.  They were
fastened with sticky tape.
        I wandered over to a nearby park, waited until there was no one
around and added the final touches to the Force Grenade.  That is, I
took the lid off, inserted the three paper pockets, screwed the lid on
tightly and ran away.
        Bear in mind that one of these things made in a 2 litre plastic
bottle is supposed to shatter windows up to a hundred feet away.
        Nothing happened.
        I went back to it and had another look, I don't think the towels
had soaked through properly.  I picked it up, shook it and threw it
away.  Then I ran again.
        Still nothing happened so I wandered over to it and kicked it,
it only appeared that the soda pockets were soaked and had expanded.
        Nothing happened.
        I waited a while and eventually something did happen: a guy
started doing laps of the oval.
        I got bored.
        I put the grenade in the hollow part of a tree and left.  I'll
check on it later, but I somewhat doubt that anything happened to it
(unless someone has found it and put it in the bin.
        Basically this so called "Force Grenade" is a waste of time,
though the theory is O.K. (reaction of baking soda and vinegar to
produce enough pressure to cause the bottle to explode).
        White (clear) vinegar might work better, but there wasn't enough
in the house to use in even a small Jolt bottle, let alone a full 2
litre bottle.  It is also possible that the Jolt bottle is stronger and
more able to withstand the pressure created by the baking soda/vinegar
reaction.  Another possible solution is to add something like thumb
nails (tacks) so that they will rip through the paper pockets if you
shake it hard enough, but that's just a theory.
        This all occurred on the 18th of April, 1995.
        I checked on it shortly after midnight on the 20th of April,
1995, approximately thirty-five or thirty-six hours after the event.
Still there was no change in the device's status.  I carefully unscrewed
the cap and it frothed a bit as it would when one just adds the two
ingredients.

        Later,
              Typhon
