 
/\/\/\/\/\uploaded by dos ranger/\/\/\/\/\

  >> War Tactics <<
---------------------------------------
I don't know if these will be of any
use to you, being the civilized, cult-
ured human beings we are, but I've been
known to use them.


     ***How to kill using bamboo rods**
Well take a bamboo stick or better yet
a knife and put any type of animal
excrements (shit) on the knife or the
sharpened bamboo rod... Plant the
knife or rod in the ground firmly...
When someone steps on it they most
likely will die of blood loss or the
foriegn elements(shit) which been put
in they're blood stream will definetly
kill him.

       ---> hand to hand combat <---
Get an 2 ace bandages and 2 knifes with
blades on both sides... wrap the knife
to the top of you hand using the ace
bandage, be sure to be able to clench
your fist so you can climb & punch.
This is sick to do... So I wouldn't
suggest doing it unless we are under
a russian attack.

        ===> The bog trap <===

When in a bog... You can remove the
stumps in the bog and be left with a
large hole... Now throw the stump away
and cover the pit with the dry grass
which be found anywhere in the bog most
likely... You can even put this grass
on top of a still pond as long as it is
still! If it moves forget it!

And lastly remember that when either
having a pretend war or a gang war use
the bogs to your best advantage... They
are usually warm water and hide you
quickly and easily... Trees are never
to be used! They can be fatal to the
climber... think of how you can be
surrounded in seconds and not be able
to get back down...


The PIRATES HOLLOW   415-236-2371  ;(








 

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Salted Slug Systems                      Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           408-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
