                       WildMan's Wonderful Guide to:

                    ----           _
                   /              / \             ----
                   \___     __   +---+    /\/\       /
                       \   /     |   |   /    \     /
                   ____/   \__   |   |  /      \   /___

                        Published: 10/18/92

Welcome back to all my adoring fanz and all you other scum! This is about my
12th phile so enjoy, hail praise to your gods, etc. Since the need for scams
is great and most fuckheads don't know jack, here goes another WildPhile..
Hey hey, I cam up with a name for these suckers! Anyone that has something
worth writing about, do it! One thing there will never be a shortage of HD
space for is philes man!

Well well well. Welcome to Scamming 101, your prof is Wildman! I'll do some
of the basic characteristics of social engineering, why they work, etc and
then move into some of the better scams I have come up with in kick ass
boring english classes. Original Scams work best, but some never die.

Scams work because most (note most) of the people in the world are
brain-dead idiots. They always look for guidance and a chance to look like
they know something. You can fool most of the people all of the time.

One way of getting information out of people is to give them reason to
believe you can give them something (help, information, security) for
nothing. There are many methods of adapting this to reality. One of my
favorite scams is to call up a UNIX operator posing as a AT&T rep checking
for data line problems in the area. Then you get the password out of him, BS
around, tell him everythings ok and thanks for using AT&T. See, he thinks
he's getting a line check for free, so shithead gives you the password. Get
the idea?

Another really good way is to make it so they'll look stupid if they don't
know something. This DOES NOT work well with females. They have none of this
male-ego thing. (I hope not, anyhow) Anyhow, you call the guy up and use
questions to get your point across, like, "There have been some attempts f
illict use of your credit/calling card. You're aware of what that means,
right?" or "There has been (line noise/problems/alien infestation) of the
phone lines in the area. You know what that can do to your system, right?"

Another good way is to take advantage of publictity against hackers in the
area, by switching around techniques, and freely stating that hackers are
looking for codez. "Hello, I'm from Visa, you are aware of the recent rash
of attempts to gather the numbers of Visa cards, (wait for response) We'd
like to make sure that hasn't happened........"

It's pretty basic. With females, most anyhow, you can play the whores by
taking command. It sounds sexist (really) but it does work.

Pretty simple right? I thought you'd think it was. That's the basics: May i
reccommend a Psyche 101 course, or get a college level psychology book and
read it. It's incredibly useful information. (Also great for picking up
females/getting them into bed, trust me!)

Some of my more memorable scams (i.e. the ones that WORK)

The Input-Number Scam

You'll need a tape recorder and a telephone mike for this one. Call up the
idiots, give them the line about their card being used, etc, but when you
ask for their number, tell them to input it carefully into their touch tone
phone. Tape it. Tell them your computer will scan it so you will never know
it. Use all that publicity against them. This is amazingly good: I have
never been refused. Even better for Calling Card Numbers.

The Polling Scam

Need to find out who has cards and who doesn't? This works really good during
elections, and best of all, the referendum. (Yeah, I'm Canadian -- Bite me)
Just make a poll, and call people. Be real nice and hospitable, have a chat,
etc. They'll tell you their life stories. It works best with higher-class
neighbourhoods.

The Password Scam

Need to get a password ya cant hack? This is the scam to try. Get the number
of the Unix or whatever and do a CN/A on it. (Customer Name/Address) I'm not
getting into that, it's simple, get the CN/A number for your state and call.
Get the name, look it up in the book, have a chat voice posing as AT&T and
you'd like to check their dataline. Say you cna do it there, as a real AT&T
rep would ahve 2 lines. Call on the computer ask for a password, on the
other line ask lots of STUPID questions so the guy 'll feel superior.

The Female Scam

Funny name, eh? Well, it's real simple: Get your girlfriend or a female
phreak (What a stange occurance: All you ladies can reach me at the
Cellar..) to do your scamming, females are never suspected of doing anything
illegal or quasi-illegal and can ALWAYS play the dumb act.


The Lineman Scam

This is awesome for getting stuff from trucks. Call up AT&T and say you are
having problems with your phone, open a jack and fuck up the wires. They'll
send a lineman over. He'll see the problem and go to it. While he's doiing
that have some friends look though his truck and rip him off. Be friendly,
offer him a coffee, ask how the network works anyhow, how they handle all
those calls, etc (you may learn something) ... Stupid fuck don't know who
ripped him off. You can make this better if you can get a witness so if he
comes back, you can say that ths guy saw some kids in his truck, wearing
jeans and sneakers.. (general, go-nowhere discription)


Those are a few of my best, that I think should be released to the public
at large, I'm a nice guy. Feel free to modernize them in 20 years if this
phile exists then! <grin> Anyhow, until later, WildMan out Captain!

END: 92/10/18 01:34:40




